Subject: miningnews . net newsletter - thursday , december 18 , 2003
thursday , december 18 , 2003 miningnews . net
to allow you to read the stories below , we have arranged a complimentary one month subscription for you . to accept , click here to visit our extended service at www . miningnews . net . alternatively , just click any of the stories below . should you wish to discontinue this service , you may click here to cancel your subscription , or email subscriptions @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net .
de crespigny back in the action at buka
robert champion de crespigny has re - emerged in the resources sector atop queensland explorer and potential copper producer buka minerals , sending shares in the company sharply higher . . . ( 18 december 2003 )
full story
danielle looks good for strategic minerals
strategic mineral has returned multiple high - grade assays from rock chip sampling of the danielle vein at its woolgar gold project in north queensland , including one assay grading 1953 . 2 gpt . . . ( 18 december 2003 )
full story
ivernia west upgrades wa lead resource
toronto listed ivernia west has upgraded its resource and reserve estimate for the cano deposit at the company ' s 60 % - owned magellan lead project in western australia . . . ( 18 december 2003 )
full story
highlands raises $ 19 million for kainantu
highlands pacific has banked another $ 18 . 7 million for the development of its high - grade kainantu gold project in papua new guinea following a placement to domestic and international institutions . . . ( 18 december 2003 )
full story
anz boosts gold outlook
continued weakness in the us dollar has seen anz bank ' s natural resources group increase its forecasts for the gold price , with industry analyst peter windred saying the us $ 420 barrier could come under serious pressure . . . ( 18 december 2003 )
full story
chile lifts 2004 copper forecasts
with copper pushing through the us $ 1 per pound barrier for the first time in six and a half years earlier this week , chile ' s government copper commission , cochilco , has lifted its average 2004 copper forecast to a range of us 92 - 96 c a pound . . . ( 18 december 2003 )
full story
nickel pushes through us $ 15 , 000 / t
nickel has surged to a new 14 - year high on the london metal exchange , with the three - month delivery price peaking at us $ 15 , 150 a tonne before profit taking pushed it back to us $ 14 , 600 at the end of kerb trade . . . ( 18 december 2003 )
full story
michelago clinches china deal
michelago has further cemented its position in china ' s expanding gold industry after upping the stake it will hold in a processing plant in shandong province to 82 % and signing an agreement with the owners of a bacterial oxidation technology that will see it holding the exclusive licence for the process in china , siberia , mongolia and korea . . . ( 17 december 2003 )
full story
northern star gets off to strong start
perth - based northern star resources listed on the australian stock exchange today at 23 cents , a 15 % premium to its issue price of 20 cents . . . ( 17 december 2003 )
full story
macquarie to arrange chirano financing
red back mining has mandated macquarie bank to arrange and underwrite debt financing for its chirano gold project in ghana . . . ( 17 december 2003 )
full story
ashburton raises $ 1 . 28 million
ashburton minerals has successfully completed a placement to professional investors , raising $ 1 . 28 million to accelerate nickel exploration over the company ' s east kimberley project in western australia and its ashburton gold project . . . ( 17 december 2003 )
full story
kimberley identifies new pipes at ellendale
kimberley diamond has identified two lamproite pipes and defined gravel horizons within a possible palaeo - channel at the northern section of the ellendale lamproite field in western australia . . . ( 17 december 2003 )
full story
georgia on my mind
with a market capitalisation of just $ 47 million , over $ 10 million in the bank by end of year , 45 , 000 ounces of attributable gold production a year , 70 % of the biggest undeveloped copper project in australia and some very promising ground in mexico , it ' s not hard to make an investment case for bolnisi gold . . . ( 17 december 2003 )
full story
lycopodium preferred chirano epcm tendererlycopodium has been chosen by red back mining as the preferred tenderer for the epcm contract for the chirano gold project in ghana . . . . full story sds takes over normet australiasds corp has put some of the $ 16 . 5 million it raised earlier this week to immediate use with its $ 1 . 05 million acquisition of normet australia . . . . full story facelift for hunter valley rail network following a deal to lease the hunter valley rail networks for the next 60 years , australian government - owned australian rail track corp has promised big things . infrastructure upgrades , a 20 % reduction in track access charges for coal transport , and higher train speeds are some of them . . . . miningnews . net ' s e - newsletter
uses an html - rich media format to provide a
visually attractive layout . if , for any reason ,
your computer does not support html format e - mail ,
please let us know by emailing contact @ miningnews . net
with your full name
and e - mail address , and we will ensure you receive
our e - newsletter in a plain - text format . if you have forgotten your password , please contact helpdesk @ miningnews . net .
have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net .
aspermont limited ( abn 66 000 375 048 ) postal address po box 78 , leederville , wa australia 6902 head office tel + 61 8 9489 9100 head office fax + 61 8 9381 1848 e - mail contact @ aspermont . com website www . aspermont . com
section
dryblower
investment news
mine safety and health & environment
mine supply today
commodities
due diligence
exploration
general
ipos
mining events
moves
mst features
resourcestocks
commodity
coal
copper
diamonds
gold
nickel
silver
zinc
bauxite - alum
chromium
cobalt
gemstone
iron ore
kaolin
magnesium
manganese
mineral sand
oilshale
pgm
rare earths
salt
tantalum
tin
tungsten
uranium
vanadium
region
africa
all regions
asia
australia
europe
north americ
oceania
south americ
mines and money
the 71 st sydney mining club : professor geoffrey blainey speaking on mining and the outback reflections & the future
enterprise sustainability : managing triple - bottom line performance
third international conference on computational fluid dynamics in the minerals & process industries
show all events
