Subject: slotting order confirmation may 18 , 2004 etacitne
{ % begin _ split 76 % }
the rest of the afternoon was spent in making up the train . i am afraid to say how many baggage - waggons followed the engine , certainly a score ; then came the chinese , then we , then the families , and the rear was brought up by the conductor in what , if i have it rightly , is called his caboose . the class to which i belonged was of course far the largest , and we ran over , so to speak , to both sides ; so that there were some caucasians among the chinamen , and some bachelors among the families . but our own car was pure from admixture , save for one little boy of eight or nine who had the whooping - cough . at last , about six , the long train crawled out of the transfer station and across the wide missouri river to omaha , westward bound . it was a troubled uncomfortable evening in the cars . there was thunder in the air , which helped to keep us restless . a man played many airs upon the cornet , and none of them were much attended to , until he came to " home , sweet home . " it was truly strange to note how the talk ceased at that , and the faces began to lengthen . i have no idea whether musically this air is to be considered good or bad ; but it belongs to that class of art which may be best described as a brutal assault upon the feelings . pathos must be relieved by dignity of treatment . if you wallow naked in the pathetic , like the author of " home , sweet home , " you make your hearers weep in an unmanly fashion ; and even while yet they are moved , they despise themselves and hate the occasion of their weakness . it did not come to tears that night , for the experiment was interrupted . an elderly , hard - looking man , with a goatee beard and about as much appearance of sentiment an you would expect from a retired slaver , turned with a start and bade the performer stop that " damned thing . " " i ' ve heard about enough of that , " he added ; " give us something about the good country we ' re going to . " a murmur of adhesion ran round the car ; the performer took the instrument from his lips , laughed and nodded , and then struck into a dancing measure ; and , like a new timotheus , stilled immediately the emotion he had raised .
aka : vicqodin ,
xacnax ,
suprervisagra and much morne -
no presccription neyeded !
civilizirano gullweig gxol sylg
the day faded ; the lamps were lit ; a party of ht ht men , who got off next evening at north platte , stood together on the stern platform , singing " the sweet by - and - bye " with very tuneful voices ; the chums began to put up their beds ; and it seemed as if the business of the day were at an end . but it was not so ; for , the train stopping at some station , the cars were instantly thronged with the natives , wives and fathers , ht men and maidens , some of them in little more than nightgear , some with stable lanterns , and all offering beds for sale . their charge began with twenty - five cents a cushion , but fell , before the train went on again , to fifteen , with the bed - board gratis , or less than one - fifth of what i had paid for mine at the transfer . this is my contribution to the economy of future emigrants .
a great personage on an american train is the newsboy . he sells books ( such books ! ) , papers , fruit , lollipops , and cigars ; and on emigrant journeys , soap , towels , tin washing dishes , tin coffee pitchers , coffee , tea , sugar , and tinned eatables , mostly hash or beans and bacon . early next morning the newsboy went around the cars , and chumming on a more extended principle became the order of the hour . it requires but a copartnery of two to manage beds ; but washing and eating can be carried on most economically by a syndicate of three . i myself entered a little after sunrise into articles of agreement , and became one of the firm of pennsylvania , shakespeare , and dubuque . shakespeare was my own nickname on the cars ; pennsylvania that of my bedfellow ; and dubuque , the name of a place in the state of iowa , that of an amiable ht fellow going west to cure an asthma , and retarding his recovery by incessantly chewing or smoking , and sometimes chewing and smoking together . i have never seen tobacco so sillily abused . shakespeare bought a tin washing - dish , dubuque a towel , and pennsylvania a brick of soap . the partners used these instruments , one after another , according to the order of their first awaking ; and when the firm had finished there was no want of borrowers . each filled the tin dish at the water filter opposite the stove , and retired with the whole stock in trade to the platform of the car . there he knelt down , supporting himself by a shoulder against the woodwork or one elbow crooked about the railing , and made a shift to wash his face and neck and hands ; a cold , an insufficient , and , if the train is moving rapidly , a somewhat dangerous toilet .