Subject: from mr . daniel mutade
i truely solicite your assistance for a business proposal .
dear friend ,
it is my absolute confidence to ensure this urgent and important businees proposal with you . i am greatly optimistic to forward you this note , as regards your assistance to enable me execute a venture of mutual benefit with you .
my name is mr daniel mutade , a senior employee with the central bank of zimbabwe . during the last national election held by president robert mugabe , i and my colleagues worked out twenty million united states dollars ( us $ 20 m ) as over - invoiced and inflated payment for election materials and the fund is now deposited with a security company in europe for safe keeping . we are not sure of the future of our country zimbabwe , due to the cry of more sanctions by world leaders in and around the world as a result of the brutal take over of white farmers land and residents in zimbabwe by the mugabe ' s administration .
my colleagues and i are now seeking to secure and invest this funds wisely abroad . i am currently in europe on a short visit and my involvement in this transaction shall be kept secret , since our civil service code of conduct forbids us to have any private account and financial dealings of this magnitude . for this reason , we need the assistance of a foreign company or person to push this money into their / his account .
your share of assisting us successfully put intoyour account this moneywill be 26 % of the total sum , while 70 % will be for us ( my colleagues and i ) and 4 % has been mapped out for any expenses that may be incured by both parties during the cause of transferring the funds into your nominated bank account .
i will refrain from giving out more operational details until i urgentlyreceive your reply of interest , since time is of the essence in this transaction . however , i need to inform you that this transaction is 100 % risk free because we have done our homework carefully to ensure the smoothness and realization of this transaction .
please if you consider this business necessary , do reply me as soon as possible for more details , as this transaction will usher us into a greater benefits within a shortest possible time . could you please send your reply to dmutade @ mail 2 dave . com please do include your telephone and fax numbers when replying to this business proposal .
truely yours ,
daniel mutade
expn . com e - mail : http : / / expnmail . go . com