Subject: from mr . nwani joe manager guaranty trust bank plc . ( gtb )
nwanijoel 23 @ crestofthestar . org
mr . nwani joe ,
manager guaranty trust bank plc . ( gtb )
plot 1669 , oyin jolayemi street ,
p o box 75455 , victoria island , lagos .
lagos nigeria
please send all your reply to my alternative email :
nwanijoel @ myway . com
dear sir / madam
i feel quite safe dealing with you in this business proposition having gone
through your remarkable profile on the internet . though , this medium
( internet ) has been greatly abused , i choose to reach you through it because
it still remains the fastest , surest and most secured medium of
communication . however , this correspondence is unofficial and private , and
it should be treated as such . i also guarantee you that this deal is hitch
free from all what you may think of .
i am mr . nwani joe , a manager , with guaranty trust bank plc . nigeria . i am
contacting you based on trust and confidentiality that will be attached to
this deal . the management and the legal department of our bank ( guaranty
trust bank plc . nigeria ) in a recent meeting , recommended that the account
of mrs . erica schwenk , who was one of my branch depositor , should be
declared dormant , confisticated and the depositor ' s fund sent to the bank
treasury according to nigeria banking and financial law . she is a foreigner
based in nigeria , unfortunately she is late now . she died on a fatal plane
crash on october 3 rd , 1999 with egyptian airline 1990 " with other
passengers on board as you can confirm through this
website . . http : / / www . cnn . com / us / 9911 / 02 / egyptair 990 . list / index . html
she is an account holder in my branch , she owns a dollar account with the
sum of us $ 38 . 6 m ( thirty eight million , six hundred thousand united states
dollars only ) deposited in a numbered account with the account . in fact it
happened that since her death , the next of kin of the dollar account holder
( the brother ) or whom ever that is related to her has not show up for the
claim .
this is where i am interested on and this is where i want you to come in . i
want you to come in as the relation of the deceased , i will give you the
contact of the attorney , you will have to write to him telling him you are
a relation to the deceased and that you have found out that mrs . erica
schwenk has account with manager , guaranty trust bank plc . nigeria which
you wants to lay claims through his legal authority . he is going to be
happy to assist you . i will be the one to provide the vital documents for
the claims of the money and then advise you exactly how we should handle
it .
please include your telephone / fax number / home address when replying this
mail and i will give you more information as soon as you indicate your
willingness to assist in this transaction . we will use our positions to get
all internal documentations to back up the claims . the whole procedures
will last only 7 working days to get the fund retrieved successfully
without trace even in future . please need the following :
1 . your full name
2 . phone and fax number
3 . home address
4 . comapny name and address .
after successful conclussion of this transaction , we shall share the
money 60 - 40 .
yours truly ,
mr . nwani joe ,
manager , guaranty trust bank plc . ( gtb )
email : nwanijoel @ myway . com
hosted by : http : / / www . aniverse . com - your anime web portal