Subject: legal advice
* this message was transferred with a trial version of communigate ( tm ) pro *
we all
need a good attorney to call in today ' s society .
keeping ahead of the legal issues in our life was just simply more than we could
bear . we needed legal advice and we needed it right away . unfortunately , being middle class , put us in the wrong income bracket to have such a necessity . now all of this has changed .
think about the issues that can suddenly come up in your personal life :
monday : the dog bit the mailman - do you know what to do ?
tuesday : the building inspector drops by and announces that the permits on file with their office do not
allow your garage conversion . " what now , " you think to yourself .
wednesday : you ' ve been considering home - schooling your children for some time . now your daughter announces that she is being picked on yet again , and simply will not attend another day . what are the legal ramifications of home schooling your children ?
thursday : speeding ticket goes to warrant for your 17 - year - old son . you haven ' t a clue how to handle
it .
friday : your ex - spouse has missed another child support payment . . . who do you call ?
and what about all the other things :
received a traffic ticket you thought was unjustified ?
paid a bill you knew was unfair ?
lost a security deposit ?
bought a home or purchased a car ?
signed an employment contract ?
had difficulty collecting an insurance claim ?
had trouble with your credit report ?
been involved in a landlord or property dispute ?
been involved in a separation or divorce ?
had to collect child support ?
prepared a will or wanted to ?
in your personal life , you need legal representation available to you all the time . but most of us never have it because we can ' t afford it .
now there is a program that not only provides quality legal help ,
but it provides it 24 hours a day , with an attorney helping you the same day you call them -
and it is for a small monthly fee . no kidding . somewhere between twenty and forty dollars a month , depending upon the plan you choose .
click here
not
interested ? take your em ail out of our data base by visitng the site and following removal instructions
126