
BOOK 1

Chapter 1

All Gaul is divided into three parts, one of which the Belgae inhabit,
the Aquitani another, those who in their own language are called Celts,
in our Gauls, the third. All these differ from each other in language,
customs and laws. The river Garonne separates the Gauls from the Aquitani;
the Marne and the Seine separate them from the Belgae. Of all these,
the Belgae are the bravest, because they are furthest from the civilization
and refinement of [our] Province, and merchants least frequently resort
to them, and import those things which tend to effeminate the mind;
and they are the nearest to the Germans, who dwell beyond the Rhine,
with whom they are continually waging war; for which reason the Helvetii
also surpass the rest of the Gauls in valor, as they contend with
the Germans in almost daily battles, when they either repel them from
their own territories, or themselves wage war on their frontiers.
One part of these, which it has been said that the Gauls occupy, takes
its beginning at the river Rhone; it is bounded by the river Garonne,
the ocean, and the territories of the Belgae; it borders, too, on
the side of the Sequani and the Helvetii, upon the river Rhine, and
stretches toward the north. The Belgae rises from the extreme frontier
of Gaul, extend to the lower part of the river Rhine; and look toward
the north and the rising sun. Aquitania extends from the river Garonne
to the Pyrenaean mountains and to that part of the ocean which is
near Spain: it looks between the setting of the sun, and the north
star.

Chapter 2

Among the Helvetii, Orgetorix was by far the most distinguished and
wealthy. He, when Marcus Messala and Marcus Piso were consuls, incited
by lust of sovereignty, formed a conspiracy among the nobility, and
persuaded the people to go forth from their territories with all their
possessions, [saying] that it would be very easy, since they excelled
all in valor, to acquire the supremacy of the whole of Gaul. To this
he the more easily persuaded them, because the Helvetii, are confined
on every side by the nature of their situation; on one side by the
Rhine, a very broad and deep river, which separates the Helvetian
territory from the Germans; on a second side by the Jura, a very high
mountain, which is [situated] between the Sequani and the Helvetii;
on a third by the Lake of Geneva, and by the river Rhone, which separates
our Province from the Helvetii. From these circumstances it resulted,
that they could range less widely, and could less easily make war
upon their neighbors; for which reason men fond of war [as they were]
were affected with great regret. They thought, that considering the
extent of their population, and their renown for warfare and bravery,
they had but narrow limits, although they extended in length 240,
and in breadth 180 [Roman] miles.

Chapter 3

Induced by these considerations, and influenced by the authority of
Orgetorix, they determined to provide such things as were necessary
for their expedition - to buy up as great a number as possible of
beasts of burden and wagons - to make their sowings as large as possible,
so that on their march plenty of corn might be in store - and to establish
peace and friendship with the neighboring states. They reckoned that
a term of two years would be sufficient for them to execute their
designs; they fix by decree their departure for the third year. Orgetorix
is chosen to complete these arrangements. He took upon himself the
office of embassador to the states: on this journey he persuades Casticus,
the son of Catamantaledes (one of the Sequani, whose father had possessed
the sovereignty among the people for many years, and had been styled
"friend" by the senate of the Roman people), to seize upon the sovereignty
in his own state, which his father had held before him, and he likewise
persuades Dumnorix, an Aeduan, the brother of Divitiacus, who at that
time possessed the chief authority in the state, and was exceedingly
beloved by the people, to attempt the same, and gives him his daughter
in marriage. He proves to them that to accomplish their attempts was
a thing very easy to be done, because he himself would obtain the
government of his own state; that there was no doubt that the Helvetii
were the most powerful of the whole of Gaul; he assures them that
he will, with his own forces and his own army, acquire the sovereignty
for them. Incited by this speech, they give a pledge and oath to one
another, and hope that, when they have seized the sovereignty, they
will, by means of the three most powerful and valiant nations, be
enabled to obtain possession of the whole of Gaul.

Chapter 4

When this scheme was disclosed to the Helvetii by informers, they,
according to their custom, compelled Orgetorix to plead his cause
in chains; it was the law that the penalty of being burned by fire
should await him if condemned. On the day appointed for the pleading
of his cause, Orgetorix drew together from all quarters to the court,
all his vassals to the number of ten thousand persons; and led together
to the same place all his dependents and debtor-bondsmen, of whom
he had a great number; by means of those he rescued himself from [the
necessity of] pleading his cause. While the state, incensed at this
act, was endeavoring to assert its right by arms, and the magistrates
were mustering a large body of men from the country, Orgetorix died;
and there is not wanting a suspicion, as the Helvetii think, of his
having committed suicide.

Chapter 5

After his death, the Helvetii nevertheless attempt to do that which
they had resolved on, namely, to go forth from their territories.
When they thought that they were at length prepared for this undertaking,
they set fire to all their towns, in number about twelve - to their
villages about four hundred - and to the private dwellings that remained;
they burn up all the corn, except what they intend to carry with them;
that after destroying the hope of a return home, they might be the
more ready for undergoing all dangers. They order every one to carry
forth from home for himself provisions for three months, ready ground.
They persuade the Rauraci, and the Tulingi, and the Latobrigi, their
neighbors, to adopt the same plan, and after burning down their towns
and villages, to set out with them: and they admit to their party
and unite to themselves as confederates the Boii, who had dwelt on
the other side of the Rhine, and had crossed over into the Norican
territory, and assaulted Noreia.

Chapter 6

There were in all two routes, by which they could go forth from their
country one through the Sequani narrow and difficult, between Mount
Jura and the river Rhone (by which scarcely one wagon at a time could
be led; there was, moreover, a very high mountain overhanging, so
that a very few might easily intercept them; the other, through our
Province, much easier and freer from obstacles, because the Rhone
flows between the boundaries of the Helvetii and those of the Allobroges,
who had lately been subdued, and is in some places crossed by a ford.
The furthest town of the Allobroges, and the nearest to the territories
of the Helvetii, is Geneva. From this town a bridge extends to the
Helvetii. They thought that they should either persuade the Allobroges,
because they did not seem as yet well-affected toward the Roman people,
or compel them by force to allow them to pass through their territories.
Having provided every thing for the expedition, they appoint a day,
on which they should all meet on the bank of the Rhone. This day was
the fifth before the kalends of April [i.e. the 28th of March], in
the consulship of Lucius Piso and Aulus Gabinius [B.C. 58.]

Chapter 7

When it was reported to Caesar that they were attempting to make their
route through our Province he hastens to set out from the city, and,
by as great marches as he can, proceeds to Further Gaul, and arrives
at Geneva. He orders the whole Province [to furnish] as great a number
of soldiers as possible, as there was in all only one legion in Further
Gaul: he orders the bridge at Geneva to be broken down. When the Helvetii
are apprized of his arrival they send to him, as embassadors, the
most illustrious men of their state (in which embassy Numeius and
Verudoctius held the chief place), to say "that it was their intention
to march through the Province without doing any harm, because they
had" [according to their own representations,] "no other route: that
they requested, they might be allowed to do so with his consent."
Caesar, inasmuch as he kept in remembrance that Lucius Cassius, the
consul, had been slain, and his army routed and made to pass under
the yoke by the Helvetii, did not think that [their request] ought
to be granted: nor was he of opinion that men of hostile disposition,
if an opportunity of marching through the Province were given them,
would abstain from outrage and mischief. Yet, in order that a period
might intervene, until the soldiers whom he had ordered [to be furnished]
should assemble, he replied to the ambassadors, that he would take
time to deliberate; if they wanted any thing, they might return on
the day before the ides of April [on April 12th].

Chapter 8

Meanwhile, with the legion which he had with him and the soldiers
which had assembled from the Province, he carries along for nineteen
[Roman, not quite eighteen English] miles a wall, to the height of
sixteen feet, and a trench, from the Lake of Geneva, which flows into
the river Rhone, to Mount Jura, which separates the territories of
the Sequani from those of the Helvetii. When that work was finished,
he distributes garrisons, and closely fortifies redoubts, in order
that he may the more easily intercept them, if they should attempt
to cross over against his will. When the day which he had appointed
with the embassadors came, and they returned to him; he says, that
he can not, consistently with the custom and precedent of the Roman
people, grant any one a passage through the Province; and he gives
them to understand, that, if they should attempt to use violence he
would oppose them. The Helvetii, disappointed in this hope, tried
if they could force a passage (some by means of a bridge of boats
and numerous rafts constructed for the purpose; others, by the fords
of the Rhone, where the depth of the river was least, sometimes by
day, but more frequently by night), but being kept at bay by the strength
of our works, and by the concourse of the soldiers, and by the missiles,
they desisted from this attempt.

Chapter 9

There was left one way, [namely] through the Sequani, by which, on
account of its narrowness, they could not pass without the consent
of the Sequani. As they could not of themselves prevail on them, they
send embassadors to Dumnorix the Aeduan, that through his intercession,
they might obtain their request from the Sequani. Dumnorix, by his
popularity and liberality, had great influence among the Sequani,
and was friendly to the Helvetii, because out of that state he had
married the daughter of Orgetorix; and, incited by lust of sovereignty,
was anxious for a revolution, and wished to have as many states as
possible attached to him by his kindness toward them. He, therefore,
undertakes the affair, and prevails upon the Sequani to allow the
Helvetii to march through their territories, and arranges that they
should give hostages to each other - the Sequani not to obstruct the
Helvetii in their march - the Helvetii, to pass without mischief and
outrage.

Chapter 10

It is again told Caesar, that the Helvetii intended to march through
the country of the Sequani and the Aedui into the territories of the
Santones, which are not far distant from those boundaries of the Tolosates,
which [viz. Tolosa, Toulouse] is a state in the Province. If this
took place, he saw that it would be attended with great danger to
the Province to have warlike men, enemies of the Roman people, bordering
upon an open and very fertile tract of country. For these reasons
he appointed Titus Labienus, his lieutenant, to the command of the
fortification which he had made. He himself proceeds to Italy by forced
marches, and there levies two legions, and leads out from winter-quarters
three which were wintering around Aquileia, and with these five legions
marches rapidly by the nearest route across the Alps into Further
Gaul. Here the Centrones and the Graioceli and the Caturiges, having
taken possession of the higher parts, attempt to obstruct the army
in their march. After having routed these in several battles, he arrives
in the territories of the Vocontii in the Further Province on the
seventh day from Ocelum, which is the most remote town of the Hither
Province; thence he leads his army into the country of the Allobroges,
and from the Allobroges to the Segusiani. These people are the first
beyond the Province on the opposite side of the Rhone.

Chapter 11

The Helvetii had by this time led their forces over through the narrow
defile and the territories of the Sequani, and had arrived at the
territories of the Aedui, and were ravaging their lands. The Aedui,
as they could not defend themselves and their possessions against
them, send embassadors to Caesar to ask assistance, [pleading] that
they had at all times so well deserved of the Roman people, that their
fields ought not to have been laid waste - their children carried
off into slavery - their towns stormed, almost within sight of our
army. At the same time the Ambarri, the friends and kinsmen of the
Aedui, apprize Caesar, that it was not easy for them, now that their
fields had been devastated, to ward off the violence of the enemy
from their towns: the Allobroges likewise, who had villages and possessions
on the other side of the Rhone, betake themselves in flight to Caesar,
and assure him that they had nothing remaining, except the soil of
their land. Caesar, induced by these circumstances, decides, that
he ought not to wait until the Helvetii, after destroying all the
property of his allies, should arrive among the Santones.

Chapter 12

There is a river [called] the Saone, which flows through the territories
of the Aedui and Sequani into the Rhone with such incredible slowness,
that it can not be determined by the eye in which direction it flows.
This the Helvetii were crossing by rafts and boats joined together.
When Caesar was informed by spies that the Helvetii had already conveyed
three parts of their forces across that river, but that the fourth
part was left behind on this side of the Saone, he set out from the
camp with three legions during the third watch, and came up with that
division which had not yet crossed the river. Attacking them encumbered
with baggage, and not expecting him, he cut to pieces a great part
of them; the rest betook themselves to flight, and concealed themselves
in the nearest woods. That canton [which was cut down] was called
the Tigurine; for the whole Helvetian state is divided into four cantons.
This single canton having left their country, within the recollection
of our fathers, had slain Lucius Cassius the consul, and had made
his army pass under the yoke. Thus, whether by chance, or by the design
of the immortal gods, that part of the Helvetian state which had brought
a signal calamity upon the Roman people, was the first to pay the
penalty. In this Caesar avenged not only the public but also his own
personal wrongs, because the Tigurini had slain Lucius Piso the lieutenant
[of Cassius], the grandfather of Lucius Calpurnius Piso, his [Caesar's]
father-in-law, in the same battle as Cassius himself.

Chapter 13

This battle ended, that he might be able to come up with the remaining
forces of the Helvetii, he procures a bridge to be made across the
Saone, and thus leads his army over. The Helvetii, confused by his
sudden arrival, when they found that he had effected in one day, what
they, themselves had with the utmost difficulty accomplished in twenty
namely, the crossing of the river, send embassadors to him; at the
head of which embassy was Divico, who had been commander of the Helvetii,
in the war against Cassius. He thus treats with Caesar: - that, "if
the Roman people would make peace with the Helvetii they would go
to that part and there remain, where Caesar might appoint and desire
them to be; but if he should persist in persecuting them with war
that he ought to remember both the ancient disgrace of the Roman people
and the characteristic valor of the Helvetii. As to his having attacked
one canton by surprise, [at a time] when those who had crossed the
river could not bring assistance to their friends, that he ought not
on that account to ascribe very much to his own valor, or despise
them; that they had so learned from their sires and ancestors, as
to rely more on valor than on artifice and stratagem. Wherefore let
him not bring it to pass that the place, where they were standing,
should acquire a name, from the disaster of the Roman people and the
destruction of their army or transmit the remembrance [of such an
event to posterity]."

Chapter 14

To these words Caesar thus replied: - that "on that very account he
felt less hesitation, because he kept in remembrance those circumstances
which the Helvetian embassadors had mentioned, and that he felt the
more indignant at them, in proportion as they had happened undeservedly
to the Roman people: for if they had been conscious of having done
any wrong, it would not have been difficult to be on their guard,
but for that very reason had they been deceived, because neither were
they aware that any offense had been given by them, on account of
which they should be afraid, nor did they think that they ought to
be afraid without cause. But even if he were willing to forget their
former outrage, could he also lay aside the remembrance of the late
wrongs, in that they had against his will attempted a route through
the Province by force, in that they had molested the Aedui, the Ambarri,
and the Allobroges? That as to their so insolently boasting of their
victory, and as to their being astonished that they had so long committed
their outrages with impunity, [both these things] tended to the same
point; for the immortal gods are wont to allow those persons whom
they wish to punish for their guilt sometimes a greater prosperity
and longer impunity, in order that they may suffer the more severely
from a reverse of circumstances. Although these things are so, yet,
if hostages were to be given him by them in order that he may be assured
these will do what they promise, and provided they will give satisfaction
to the Aedui for the outrages which they had committed against them
and their allies, and likewise to the Allobroges, he [Caesar] will
make peace with them." Divico replied, that "the Helvetii had been
so trained by their ancestors, that they were accustomed to receive,
not to give hostages; of that fact the Roman people were witness."
Having given this reply, he withdrew.

Chapter 15

On the following day they move their camp from that place; Caesar
does the same, and sends forward all his cavalry, to the number of
four thousand (which he had drawn together from all parts of the Province
and from the Aedui and their allies), to observe toward what parts
the enemy are directing their march. These, having too eagerly pursued
the enemy's rear, come to a battle with the cavalry of the Helvetii
in a disadvantageous place, and a few of our men fall. The Helvetii,
elated with this battle, because they had with five hundred horse
repulsed so large a body of horse, began to face us more boldly, sometimes
too from their rear to provoke our men by an attack. Caesar [however]
restrained his men from battle, deeming it sufficient for the present
to prevent the enemy from rapine, forage, and depredation. They marched
for about fifteen days in such a manner that there was not more than
five or six miles between the enemy's rear and our van.

Chapter 16

Meanwhile, Caesar kept daily importuning the Aedui for the corn which
they had promised in the name of their state; for, in consequence
of the coldness (Gaul, being as before said, situated toward the north),
not only was the corn in the fields not ripe, but there was not in
store a sufficiently large quantity even of fodder: besides he was
unable to use the corn which he had conveyed in ships up the river
Saone, because the Helvetii, from whom he was unwilling to retire
had diverted their march from the Saone. The Aedui kept deferring
from day to day, and saying that it was being collected - brought
in - on the road." When he saw that he was put off too long, and that
the day was close at hand on which he ought to serve out the corn
to his soldiers; - having called together their chiefs, of whom he
had a great number in his camp, among them Divitiacus and Liscus who
was invested with the chief magistracy (whom the Aedui style the Vergobretus,
and who is elected annually and has power of life or death over his
countrymen), he severely reprimands them, because he is not assisted
by them on so urgent an occasion, when the enemy were so close at
hand, and when [corn] could neither be bought nor taken from the fields,
particularly as, in a great measure urged by their prayers, he had
undertaken the war; much more bitterly, therefore does he complain
of his being forsaken.

Chapter 17

Then at length Liscus, moved by Caesar's speech, discloses what he
had hitherto kept secret: - that there are some whose influences with
the people is very great, who, though private men, have more power
than the magistrates themselves: that these by seditions and violent
language are deterring the populace from contributing the corn which
they ought to supply; [by telling them] that, if they can not any
longer retain the supremacy of Gaul, it were better to submit to the
government of Gauls than of Romans, nor ought they to doubt that,
if the Romans should overpower the Helvetii, they would wrest their
freedom from the Aedui together with the remainder of Gaul. By these
very men, [said he], are our plans and whatever is done in the camp,
disclosed to the enemy; that they could not be restrained by him:
nay more, he was well aware, that though compelled by necessity, he
had disclosed the matter to Caesar, at how great a risk he had done
it; and for that reason, he had been silent as long as he could."

Chapter 18

Caesar perceived that by this speech of Liscus, Dumnorix, the brother
of Divitiacus, was indicated; but, as he was unwilling that these
matters should be discussed while so many were present, he speedily
dismisses: the council, but detains Liscus: he inquires from him when
alone, about those things which he had said in the meeting. He [Liscus]
speaks more unreservedly and boldly. He [Caesar] makes inquiries on
the same points privately of others, and discovered that it is all
true; that "Dumnorix is the person, a man of the highest daring, in
great favor with the people on account of his liberality, a man eager
for a revolution: that for a great many years he has been in the habit
of contracting for the customs and all the other taxes of the Aedui
at a small cost, because when he bids, no one dares to bid against
him. By these means he has both increased his own private property,
and amassed great means for giving largesses; that he maintains constantly
at his own expense and keeps about his own person a great number of
cavalry, and that not only at home, but even among the neighboring
states, he has great influence, and for the sake of strengthening
this influence has given his mother in marriage among the Bituriges
to a man the most noble and most influential there; that he has himself
taken a wife from among the Helvetii, and has given his sister by
the mother's side and his female relations in marriage into other
states; that he favors and wishes well to the Helvetii on account
of this connection; and that he hates Caesar and the Romans, on his
own account, because by their arrival his power was weakened, and
his brother, Divitiacus, restored to his former position of influence
and dignity: that, if any thing should happen to the Romans, he entertains
the highest hope of gaining the sovereignty by means of the Helvetii,
but that under the government of the Roman people he despairs not
only of royalty, but even of that influence which he already has."
Caesar discovered too, on inquiring into the unsuccessful cavalry
engagement which had taken place a few days before, that the commencement
of that flight had been made by Dumnorix and his cavalry (for Dumnorix
was in command of the cavalry which the Aedui had sent for aid to
Caesar); that by their flight the rest of the cavalry were dismayed.

Chapter 19

After learning these circumstances, since to these suspicions the
most unequivocal facts were added, viz., that he had led the Helvetii
through the territories of the Sequani; that he had provided that
hostages should be mutually given; that he had done all these things,
not only without any orders of his [Caesar's] and of his own state's,
but even without their [the Aedui] knowing any thing of it themselves;
that he [Dumnorix] was reprimanded: by the [chief] magistrate of the
Aedui; he [Caesar] considered that there was sufficient reason, why
he should either punish him himself, or order the state to do so.
One thing [however] stood in the way of all this - that he had learned
by experience his brother Divitiacus's very high regard for the Roman
people, his great affection toward him, his distinguished faithfulness,
justice, and moderation; for he was afraid lest by the punishment
of this man, he should hurt the feelings of Divitiacus. Therefore,
before he attempted any thing, he orders Divitiacus to be summoned
to him, and, when the ordinary interpreters had been withdrawn, converses
with him through Caius Valerius Procillus, chief of the province of
Gaul, an intimate friend of his, in whom he reposed the highest confidence
in every thing; at the same time he reminds him of what was said about
Dumnorix in the council of the Gauls, when he himself was present,
and shows what each had said of him privately in his [Caesar's] own
presence; he begs and exhorts him, that, without offense to his feelings,
he may either himself pass judgment on him [Dumnorix] after trying
the case, or else order the [Aeduan] state to do so.

Chapter 20

Divitiacus, embracing Caesar, begins to implore him, with many tears,
that "he would not pass any very severe sentence upon his brother;
saying, that he knows that those charges are true, and that nobody
suffered more pain on that account than he himself did; for when he
himself could effect a very great deal by his influence at home and
in the rest of Gaul, and he [Dumnorix] very little on account of his
youth, the latter had become powerful through his means, which power
and strength he used not only to the lessening of his [Divitiacus]
popularity, but almost to his ruin; that he, however, was influenced
both by fraternal affection and by public opinion. But if any thing
very severe from Caesar should befall him [Dumnorix], no one would
think that it had been done without his consent, since he himself
held such a place in Caesar's friendship: from which circumstance
it would arise, that the affections of the whole of Gaul would be
estranged from him." As he was with tears begging these things of
Caesar in many words, Caesar takes his right hand, and, comforting
him, begs him to make an end of entreating, and assures him that his
regard for him is so great, that he forgives both the injuries of
the republic and his private wrongs, at his desire and prayers. He
summons Dumnorix to him; he brings in his brother; he points out what
he censures in him; he lays before him what he of himself perceives,
and what the state complains of; he warns him for the future to avoid
all grounds of suspicion; he says that he pardons the past, for the
sake of his brother, Divitiacus. He sets spies over Dumnorix that
he may be able to know what he does, and with whom he communicates.

Chapter 21

Being on the same day informed by his scouts, that the enemy had encamped
at the foot of a mountain eight miles from his own camp; he sent persons
to ascertain what the nature of the mountain was, and of what kind
the ascent on every side. Word was brought back, that it was easy.
During the third watch he orders Titus Labienus, his lieutenant with
praetorian powers, to ascend to the highest ridge of the mountain
with two legions, and with those as guides who had examined the road;
he explains what his plan is. He himself during the fourth watch,
hastens to them by the same route by which the enemy had gone, and
sends on all the cavalry before him. Publius Considius, who was reputed
to be very experienced in military affairs, and had been in the army
of Lucius Sulla, and afterward in that of Marcus Crassus, is sent
forward with the scouts.

Chapter 22

At day-break, when the summit of the mountain was in the possession
of Titus Labienus, and he himself was not further off than a mile
and half from the enemy's camp, nor, as he afterward ascertained from
the captives, had either his arrival or that of Labienus been discovered;
Considius, with his horse at full gallop, comes up to him says that
the mountain which he [Caesar] wished should be seized by Labienus,
is in possession of the enemy; that he has discovered this by the
Gallic arms and ensigns. Caesar leads off his forces to the next hill:
[and] draws them up in battle-order. Labienus, as he had been ordered
by Caesar not to come to an engagement unless [Caesar's] own forces
were seen near the enemy's camp, that the attack upon the enemy might
be made on every side at the same time, was, after having taken possession
of the mountain, waiting for our men, and refraining from battle.
When, at length, the day was far advanced, Caesar learned through
spies, that the mountain was in possession of his own men, and that
the Helvetii had moved their camp, and that Considius, struck with
fear, had reported to him, as seen, that which he had not seen. On
that day he follows the enemy at his usual distance, and pitches his
camp three miles from theirs.

Chapter 23

The next day (as there remained in all only two day's space [to the
time] when he must serve out the corn to his army, and as he was not
more than eighteen miles from Bibracte, by far the largest and best-stored
town of the Aedui), he thought that he ought to provide for a supply
of corn; and diverted his march from the Helvetii, and advanced rapidly
to Bibracte. This circumstance is reported to the enemy by some deserters
from Lucius Aemilius, a captain, of the Gallic horse. The Helvetii,
either because they thought that the Romans, struck with terror, were
retreating from them, the more so, as the day before, though they
had seized on the higher grounds, they had not joined battle or because
they flattered themselves that they might be cut of from the provisions,
altering their plan and changing their route, began to pursue, and
to annoy our men in the rear.

Chapter 24

Caesar, when he observes this, draws off his forces to the next hill,
and sent the cavalry to sustain the attack of the enemy. He himself,
meanwhile, drew up on the middle of the hill a triple line of his
four veteran legions in such a manner, that he placed above him on
the very summit the two legions, which he had lately levied in Hither
Gaul, and all the auxiliaries; and he ordered that the whole mountain
should be covered with men, and that meanwhile the baggage should
be brought together into one place, and the position be protected
by those who were posted in the upper line. The Helvetii having followed
with all their wagons, collected their baggage into one place: they
themselves, after having repulsed our cavalry and formed a phalanx,
advanced up to our front line in very close order.

Chapter 25

Caesar, having removed out of sight first his own horse, then those
of all, that he might make the danger of a11 equal, and do away with
the hope of flight, after encouraging his men, joined battle. His
soldiers hurling their javelins from the higher ground, easily broke
the enemy's phalanx. That being dispersed, they made a charge on them
with drawn swords. It was a great hinderance to the Gauls in fighting,
that, when several of their bucklers had been by one stroke of the
(Roman) javelins pierced through and pinned fast together, as the
point of the iron had bent itself, they could neither pluck it out,
nor, with their left hand entangled, fight with sufficient ease; so
that many, after having long tossed their arm about, chose rather
to cast away the buckler from their hand, and to fight with their
person unprotected. At length, worn out with wounds, they began to
give way, and, as there was in the neighborhood a mountain about a
mile off, to betake themselves thither. When the mountain had been
gained, and our men were advancing up, the Boii and Tulingi, who with
about 15,000 men closed the enemy's line of march and served as a
guard to their rear, having assailed our men on the exposed flank
as they advanced [prepared] to surround them; upon seeing which, the
Helvetii who had betaken themselves to the mountain, began to press
on again and renew the battle. The Romans having faced about, advanced
to the attack in two divisions; the first and second line, to withstand
those who had been defeated and driven off the field; the third to
receive those who were just arriving.

Chapter 26

Thus, was the contest long and vigorously carried on with doubtful
success. When they could no longer withstand the attacks of our men,
the one division, as they had begun to do, betook themselves to the
mountain; the other repaired to their baggage and wagons. For during
the whole of this battle, although the fight lasted from the seventh
hour [i.e. 12 (noon) 1 P. M.] to eventide, no one could see an enemy
with his back turned. The fight was carried on also at the baggage
till late in the night, for they had set wagons in the way as a rampart,
and from the higher ground kept throwing weapons upon our men, as
they came on, and some from between the wagons and the wheels kept
darting their lances and javelins from beneath, and wounding our men.
After the fight had lasted some time, our men gained possession of
their baggage and camp. There the daughter and one of the sons of
Orgetorix was taken. After the battle about 130,000 men [of the enemy]
remained alive, who marched incessantly during the whole of that night;
and after a march discontinued for no part of the night, arrived in
the territories of the Lingones on the fourth day, while our men,
having stopped for three days, both on account of the wounds of the
soldiers and the burial of the slain, had not been able to follow
them. Caesar sent letters and messengers to the Lingones [with orders]
that they should not assist them with corn or with any thing else;
for that if they should assist them, he would regard them in the same
light as the Helvetii. After the three days' interval he began to
follow them himself with all his forces.

Chapter 27

The Helvetii, compelled by the want of every thing, sent embassadors
to him about a surrender. When these had met him on the way and had
thrown themselves at his feet, and speaking in suppliant tone had
with tears sued for peace, and [when] he had ordered them to await
his arrival, in the place, where they then were, they obeyed his commands.
When Caesar arrived at that place, he demanded hostages, their arms,
and the slaves who had deserted to them. While those things are being
sought for and got together, after a night's interval, about 6000
men of that canton which is called the Verbigene, whether terrified
by fear, lest after delivering up their arms, they should suffer punishment,
or else induced by the hope of safety, because they supposed that,
amid so vast a multitude of those who had surrendered themselves,
their flight might either be concealed or entirely overlooked, having
at night-fall departed out of the camp of the Helvetii, hastened to
the Rhine and the territories of the Germans.

Chapter 28

But when Caesar discovered this, he commanded those through whose
territory they had gone, to seek them out and to bring them back again,
if they meant to be acquitted before him; and considered them, when
brought back, in the light of enemies; he admitted all the rest to
a surrender, upon their delivering up the hostages, arms, and deserters.
He ordered the Helvetii, the Tulingi, and the Latobrigi, to return
to their territories from which they had come, and as there was at
home nothing whereby they might support their hunger, all the productions
of the earth having been destroyed, he commanded the Allobroges to
let them have a plentiful supply of corn; and ordered them to rebuild
the towns and villages which they had burned. This he did, chiefly,
on this account, because he was unwilling that the country, from which
the Helvetii had departed, should be untenanted, lest the Germans,
who dwell on the other side of the Rhine, should, on account of the
excellence of the lands, cross over from their own territories into
those of the Helvetii, and become borderers upon the province of Gaul
and the Allobroges. He granted the petition of the Aedui, that they
might settle the Boii, in their own (i. e. in the Aeduan) territories,
as these were known to be of distinguished valor, to whom they gave
lands, and whom they afterward admitted to the same state of rights
and freedom as themselves.

Chapter 29

In the camp of the Helvetii, lists were found, drawn up in Greek characters,
and were brought to Caesar, in which an estimate had been drawn up,
name by name, of the number which had gone forth from their country
of those who were able to bear arms; and likewise the boys, the old
men, and the women, separately. Of all which items the total was:
Of the Helvetii [lit. of the heads of the Helvetii] 263,000 Of the
Tulingi . . . . . . . . . . . 36,000 Of the Latobrigi .- . . . . .
. . . . . 14,000 Of the Rauraci . . . . . . . . . . . 23,000 Of the
Boii . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32,000 The sum of all amounted to .
. . 368,000. Out of these, such as could bear arms, [amounted] to
about 92,000. When the census of those who returned home was taken,
as Caesar had commanded, the number was found to be 110,000.

Chapter 30

When the war with the Helvetii was concluded, embassadors from almost
all parts of Gaul, the chiefs of states, assembled to congratulate
Caesar, [saying] that they were well aware, that, although he had
taken vengeance on the Helvetii in war, for the old wrong done by
them to the Roman people, yet that circumstance had happened no less
to the benefit of the land of Gaul than of the Roman people, because
the Helvetii, while their affairs were most flourishing, had quitted
their country with the design of making war upon the whole of Gaul,
and seizing the government of it, and selecting, out of a great abundance,
that spot for an abode, which they should judge to be the most convenient
and most productive of all Gaul, and hold the rest of the states as
tributaries. They requested that they might be allowed to proclaim
an assembly of the whole of Gaul for a particular day, and to do that
with Caesar's permission, [stating] that they had some things which,
with the general consent, they wished to ask of him. This request
having been granted, they appointed a day for the assembly, and ordained
by an oath with each other, that no one should disclose [their deliberations]
except those to whom this [office] should be assigned by the general
assembly.

Chapter 31

When that assembly was dismissed, the same chiefs of states, who had
before been to Caesar, returned, and asked that they might be allowed
to treat with him privately (in secret) concerning the safety of themselves
and of all. That request having been obtained, they all threw themselves
in tears at Caesar's feet, [saying] that they no less begged and earnestly
desired that what they might say should not be disclosed, than that
they might obtain those things which they wished for; inasmuch as
they saw, that, if a disclosure was made, they should be put to the
greatest tortures. For these Divitiacus the Aeduan spoke and told
him: "That there were two parties in the whole of Gaul: that the Aedui
stood at the head of one of these, the Arverni of the other. After
these had been violently struggling with one another for the superiority
for many years, it came to pass that the Germans were called in for
hire by the Arverni and the Sequani. That about 15,000 of them [i.e.
of the Germans] had at first crossed the Rhine: but after that these
wild and savage men had become enamored of the lands and the refinement
and the abundance of the Gauls, more were brought over, that there
were now as many as 120,000 of them in Gaul: that with these the Aedui
and their dependents had repeatedly struggled in arms - that they
had been routed, and had sustained a great calamity - had lost all
their nobility, all their senate, all their cavalry. And that broken
by such engagements and calamities, although they had formerly been
very powerful in Gaul, both from their own valor and from the Roman
people's hospitality and friendship, they were now compelled to give
the chief nobles of their state, as hostages to the Sequani, and to
bind their state by an oath, that they would neither demand hostages
in return, nor supplicate aid from the Roman people, nor refuse to
be forever under their sway and empire. That he was the only one out
of all the state of the Aedui, who could not be prevailed upon to
take the oath or to give his children as hostages. On that account
he had fled from his state and had gone to the senate at Rome to beseech
aid, as he alone was bound neither by oath nor hostages. But a worse
thing had befallen the victorious Sequani than the vanquished Aedui,
for Ariovistus the king of the Germans, had settled in their territories,
and had seized upon a third of their land, which was the best in the
whole of Gaul, and was now ordering them to depart from another third
part, because a few months previously 24,000 men of the Harudes had
come to him, for whom room and settlements must be provided. The consequence
would be, that in a few years they would all be driven from the territories
of Gaul, and all the Germans would cross the Rhine; for neither must
the land of Gaul be compared with the land of the Germans, nor must
the habit of living of the latter be put on a level with that of the
former. Moreover, [as for] Ariovistus, no sooner did he defeat the
forces of the Gauls in a battle which took place at Magetobria, than
[he began] to lord it haughtily and cruelly, to demand as hostages
the children of all the principal nobles, and wreak on them every
kind of cruelty, if every thing was not done at his nod or pleasure;
that he was a savage, passionate, and reckless man, and that his commands
could no longer be borne. Unless there was some aid in Caesar and
the Roman people, the Gauls must all do the same thing that the Helvetii
have done, [viz.] emigrate from their country, and seek another dwelling
place, other settlements remote from the Germans, and try whatever
fortune may fall to their lot. If these things were to be disclosed
to Ariovistus, [Divitiacus adds] that he doubts not that he would
inflict the most severe punishment on all the hostages who are in
his possession, [and says] that Caesar could, either by his own influence
and by that of his army, or by his late victory, or by name of the
Roman people, intimidate him, so as to prevent a greater number of
Germans being brought over the Rhine, and could protect all Gaul from
the outrages of Ariovistus.

Chapter 32

When this speech had been delivered by Divitiacus, all who were present
began with loud lamentation to entreat assistance of Caesar. Caesar
noticed that the Sequani were the only people of all who did none
of those things which the others did, but, with their heads bowed
down, gazed on the earth in sadness. Wondering what was the reason
of this conduct, he inquired of themselves. No reply did the Sequani
make, but silently continued in the same sadness. When he had repeatedly
inquired of them and could not elicit any answer at all, the same
Divitiacus the Aeduan answered, that - "the lot of the Sequani was
more wretched and grievous than that of the rest, on this account,
because they alone durst not even in secret complain or supplicate
aid; and shuddered at the cruelty of Ariovistus [even when] absent,
just as if he were present; for, to the rest, despite of every thing
there was an opportunity of flight given; but all tortures must be
endured by the Sequani, who had admitted Ariovistus within their territories,
and whose towns were all in his power."

Chapter 33

Caesar, on being informed of these things, cheered the minds of the
Gauls with his words, and promised that this affair should be an object
of his concern, [saying] that he had great hopes that Ariovistus,
induced both by his kindness and his power, would put an end to his
oppression. After delivering this speech, he dismissed the assembly;
and, besides those statements, many circumstances induced him to think
that this affair ought to be considered and taken up by him; especially
as he saw that the Aedui, styled [as they had been] repeatedly by
the senate "brethren" and "kinsmen," were held in the thraldom and
dominion of the Germans, and understood that their hostages were with
Ariovistus and the Sequani, which in so mighty an empire [as that]
of the Roman people he considered very disgraceful to himself and
the republic. That, moreover, the Germans should by degrees become
accustomed to cross the Rhine, and that a great body of them should
come into Gaul, he saw [would be] dangerous to the Roman people, and
judged, that wild and savage men would not be likely to restrain themselves,
after they had possessed themselves of all Gaul, from going forth
into the province and thence marching into Italy (as the Cimbri and
Teutones had done before them), particularly as the Rhone [was the
sole barrier that] separated the Sequani from our province. Against
which events he thought he ought to provide as speedily as possible.
Moreover, Ariovistus, for his part, had assumed to himself such pride
and arrogance, that he was felt to be quite insufferable.

Chapter 34

He therefore determined to send embassadors to Ariovistus to demand
of him to name some intermediate spot for a conference between the
two, [saying] that he wished to treat him on state-business and matters
of the highest importance to both of them. To this embassy Ariovistus
replied, that if he himself had had need of any thing from Caesar,
he would have gone to him; and that if Caesar wanted any thing from
him he ought to come to him. That, besides, neither dare he go without
an army into those parts of Gaul which Caesar had possession of, nor
could he, without great expense and trouble, draw his army together
to one place; that to him, moreover, it appeared strange, what business
either Caesar or the Roman people at all had in his own Gaul, which
he had conquered in war.

Chapter 35

When these answers were reported to Caesar, he sends embassadors to
him a second time with this message. "Since, after having been treated
with so much kindness by himself and the Roman people (as he had in
his consulship been styled 'king and friend' by the senate), he makes
this recompense to [Caesar] himself and the Roman people, [viz.] that
when invited to a conference he demurs, and does not think that it
concerns him to advise and inform himself about an object of mutual
interest, these are the things which he requires of him; first, that
he do not any more bring over any body of men across the Rhine into
Gaul; in the next place, that he restore the hostages, which he has
from the Aedui, and grant the Sequani permission to restore to them
with his consent those hostages which they have, and that he neither
provoke the Aedui by outrage nor make war upon them or their allies;
if he would accordingly do this," [Caesar says] that "he himself and
the Roman people will entertain a perpetual feeling of favor and friendship
toward him; but that if he [Caesar] does not obtain [his desires]
that he (forasmuch as in the consulship of Marcus Messala and Marcus
Piso the senate had decreed that, whoever should have the administration
of the province of Gaul should, as far as he could do so consistently
with the interests of the republic, protect the Aedui and the other
friends of the Roman people), will not overlook the wrongs of the
Aedui."

Chapter 36

To this Ariovistus replied, that "the right of war was, that they
who had conquered should govern those whom they had conquered, in
what manner they pleased; that in that way the Roman people were wont
to govern the nations which they had conquered, not according to the
dictation of any other, but according to their own discretion. If
he for his part did not dictate to the Roman people as to the manner
in which they were to exercise their right, he ought not to be obstructed
by the Roman people in his right; that the Aedui, inasmuch as they
had tried the fortune of war and had engaged in arms and been conquered,
had become tributaries to him; that Caesar was doing a great injustice,
in that by his arrival he was making his revenues less valuable to
him; that he should not restore their hostages to the Aedui, but should
not make war wrongfully either upon them or their allies, if they
abided by that which had been agreed on, and paid their tribute annually:
if they did not continue to do that, the Roman people's name of 'brothers'
would avail them naught. As to Caesar's threatening him, that he would
not overlook the wrongs of the Aedui, [he said] that no one had ever
entered into a contest with him [Ariovistus] without utter ruin to
himself. That Caesar might enter the lists when he chose; he would
feel what the invincible Germans, well-trained [as they were] beyond
all others to arms, who for fourteen years had not been beneath a
roof, could achieve by their valor."

Chapter 37

At the same time that this message was delivered to Caesar, embassadors
came from the Aedui and the Treviri; from the Aedui to complain that
the Harudes, who had lately been brought over into Gaul, were ravaging
their territories; that they had not been able to purchase peace from
Ariovistus, even by giving hostages: and from the Treviri, [to state]
that a hundred cantons of the Suevi had encamped on the banks of the
Rhine, and were attempting to cross it; that the brothers, Nasuas
and Cimberius, headed them. Being greatly alarmed at these things,
Caesar thought that he ought to use all dispatch, lest, if this new
band of Suevi should unite with the old troops of Ariovistus, he [Ariovistus]
might be less easily withstood. Having therefore, as quickly as he
could, provided a supply of corn, he hastened to Ariovistus by forced
marches.

Chapter 38

When he had proceeded three days' journey, word was brought to him
that Ariovistus was hastening with all his forces to seize on Vesontio,
which is the largest town of the Sequani, and had advanced three days'
journey from its territories. Caesar thought that he ought to take
the greatest precautions lest this should happen, for there was in
that town a most ample supply of every thing which was serviceable
for war; and so fortified was it by the nature of the ground, as to
afford a great facility for protracting the war, inasmuch as the river
Doubs almost surrounds the whole town, as though it were traced round
it with a pair of compasses. A mountain of great height shuts in the
remaining space, which is not more than 600 feet, where the river
leaves a gap, in such a manner that the roots of that mountain extend
to the river's bank on either side. A wall thrown around it makes
a citadel of this [mountain], and connects it with the town. Hither
Caesar hastens by forced marches by night and day, and, after having
seized the town, stations a garrison there.

Chapter 39

While he is tarrying a few days at Vesontio, on account of corn and
provisions; from the inquiries of our men and the reports of the Gauls
and traders (who asserted that the Germans were men of huge stature,
of incredible valor and practice in arms - that oftentimes they, on
encountering them, could not bear even their countenance, and the
fierceness of their eyes) - so great a panic on a sudden seized the
whole army, as to discompose the minds and spirits of all in no slight
degree. This first arose from the tribunes of the soldiers, the prefects
and the rest, who, having followed Caesar from the city [Rome] from
motives of friendship, had no great experience in military affairs.
And alleging, some of them one reason, some another, which they said
made it necessary for them to depart, they requested that by his consent
they might be allowed to withdraw; some, influenced by shame, stayed
behind in order that they might avoid the suspicion of cowardice.
These could neither compose their countenance, nor even sometimes
check their tears: but hidden in their tents, either bewailed their
fate, or deplored with their comrades the general danger. Wills were
sealed universally throughout the whole camp. By the expressions and
cowardice of these men, even those who possessed great experience
in the camp, both soldiers and centurions, and those [the decurions]
who were in command of the cavalry, were gradually disconcerted. Such
of them as wished to be considered less alarmed, said that they did
not dread the enemy, but feared the narrowness of the roads and the
vastness of the forests which lay between them and Ariovistus, or
else that the supplies could not be brought up readily enough. Some
even declared to Caesar, that when he gave orders for the camp to
be moved and the troops to advance, the soldiers would not be obedient
to the command, nor advance in consequence of their fear.

Chapter 40

When Caesar observed these things, having called a council, and summoned
to it the centurions of all the companies, he severely reprimanded
them, "particularly, for supposing that it belonged to them to inquire
or conjecture, either in what direction they were marching, or with
what object. That Ariovistus, during his [Caesar's] consulship, had
most anxiously sought after the friendship of the Roman people; why
should any one judge that he would so rashly depart from his duty?
He for his part was persuaded, that, when his demands were known and
the fairness of the terms considered, he would reject neither his
nor the Roman people's favor. But even if, driven on by rage and madness,
he should make war upon them, what after all were they afraid of?
- or why should they despair either of their own valor or of his zeal?
Of that enemy a trial had been made within our fathers' recollection,
when, on the defeat of the Cimbri and Teutones by Caius Marius, the
army was regarded as having deserved no less praise than their commander
himself. It had been made lately, too, in Italy, during the rebellion
of the slaves, whom, however, the experience and training which they
had received from us, assisted in some respect. From which a judgment
might be formed of the advantages which resolution carries with it
inasmuch as those whom for some time they had groundlessly dreaded
when unarmed, they had afterward vanquished, when well armed and flushed
with success. In short, that these were the same men whom the Helvetii,
in frequent encounters, not only in their own territories, but also
in theirs [the German], have generally vanquished, and yet can not
have been a match for our army. If the unsuccessful battle and flight
of the Gauls disquieted any, these, if they made inquiries, might
discover that, when the Gauls had been tired out by the long duration
of the war, Ariovistus, after he had many months kept himself in his
camp and in the marshes, and had given no opportunity for an engagement,
fell suddenly upon them, by this time despairing of a battle and scattered
in all directions, and was victorious more through stratagem and cunning
than valor. But though there had been room for such stratagem against
savage and unskilled men, not even [Ariovistus] himself expected that
thereby our armies could be entrapped. That those who ascribed their
fear to a pretense about the [deficiency of] supplies and the narrowness
of the roads, acted presumptuously, as they seemed either to distrust
their general's discharge of his duty, or to dictate to him. That
these things were his concern; that the Sequani, the Leuci, and the
Lingones were to furnish the corn; and that it was already ripe in
the fields; that as to the road they would soon be able to judge for
themselves. As to its being reported that the soldiers would not be
obedient to command, or advance, he was not at all disturbed at that;
for he knew, that in the case of all those whose army had not been
obedient to command, either upon some mismanagement of an affair,
fortune had deserted them, or, that upon some crime being discovered,
covetousness had been clearly proved [against them]. His integrity
had been seen throughout his whole life, his good fortune in the war
with the Helvetii. That he would therefore instantly set about what
he had intended to put off till a more distant day, and would break
up his camp the next night, in the fourth watch, that he might ascertain,
as soon as possible, whether a sense of honor and duty, or whether
fear had more influence with them. But that, if no one else should
follow, yet he would go with only the tenth legion, of which he had
no misgivings, and it should be his praetorian cohort." This legion
Caesar had both greatly favored, and in it, on account of its valor,
placed the greatest confidence.

Chapter 41

Upon the delivery of this speech, the minds of all were changed in
a surprising manner, and the highest ardor and eagerness for prosecuting
the war were engendered; and the tenth legion was the first to return
thanks to him, through their military tribunes, for his having expressed
this most favorable opinion of them; and assured him that they were
quite ready to prosecute the war. Then, the other legions endeavored,
through their military tribunes and the centurions of the principal
companies, to excuse themselves to Caesar, [saying] that they had
never either doubted or feared, or supposed that the determination
of the conduct of the war was theirs and not their general's. Having
accepted their excuse, and having had the road carefully reconnoitered
by Divitiacus, because in him of all others he had the greatest faith
[he found] that by a circuitous route of more than fifty miles he
might lead his army through open parts; he then set out in the fourth
watch, as he had said [he would]. On the seventh day, as he did not
discontinue his march, he was informed by scouts that the forces of
Ariovistus were only four and twenty miles distant from ours.

Chapter 42

Upon being apprized of Caesar's arrival, Ariovistus sends embassadors
to him, [saying] that what he had before requested as to a conference,
might now, as far as his permission went, take place, since he [Caesar]
had approached nearer, and he considered that he might now do it without
danger. Caesar did not reject the proposal and began to think that
he was now returning to a rational state of mind as he spontaneously
proffered that which he had previously refused to him when requesting
it; and was in great hopes that, in consideration of his own and the
Roman people's great favors toward him, the issue would be that he
would desist from his obstinacy upon his demands being made known.
The fifth day after that was appointed as the day of conference. Meanwhile,
as ambassadors were being often sent to and fro between them, Ariovistus
demanded that Caesar should not bring any foot-soldier with him to
the conference, [saying] that "he was afraid of being ensnared by
him through treachery; that both should come accompanied by cavalry;
that he would not come on any other condition." Caesar, as he neither
wished that the conference should, by an excuse thrown in the way,
be set aside, nor durst trust his life to the cavalry of the Gauls,
decided that it would be most expedient to take away from the Gallic
cavalry all their horses, and thereon to mount the legionary soldiers
of the tenth legion, in which he placed the greatest confidence, in
order that he might have a body-guard as trustworthy as possible,
should there be any need for action. And when this was done, one of
the soldiers of the tenth legion said, not without a touch of humor,
"that Caesar did more for them than he had promised; he had promised
to have the tenth legion in place of his praetorian cohort; but he
now converted them into horse."

Chapter 43

There was a large plain, and in it a mound of earth of considerable
size. This spot was at nearly an equal distance from both camps. Thither,
as had been appointed, they came for the conference. Caesar stationed
the legion, which he had brought [with him] on horseback, 200 paces
from this mound. The cavalry of Ariovistus also took their stand at
an equal distance. Ariovistus then demanded that they should confer
on horseback, and that, besides themselves, they should bring with
them ten men each to the conference. When they were come to the place,
Caesar, in the opening of his speech, detailed his own and the senate's
favors toward him [Ariovistus], in that he had been styled king, in
that [he had been styled] friend, by the senate - in that very considerable
presents had been sent him; which circumstance he informed him had
both fallen to the lot of few, and had usually been bestowed in consideration
of important personal services; that he, although he had neither an
introduction, nor a just ground for the request, had obtained these
honors through the kindness and munificence of himself [Caesar] and
the senate. He informed him too, how old and how just were the grounds
of connection that existed between themselves [the Romans] and the
Aedui, what decrees of the senate had been passed in their favor,
and how frequent and how honorable; how from time immemorial the Aedui
had held the supremacy of the whole of Gaul; even [said Caesar] before
they had sought our friendship; that it was the custom of the Roman
people to desire not only that its allies and friends should lose
none of their property, but be advanced in influence, dignity, and
honor: who then could endure that what they had brought with them
to the friendship of the Roman people should be torn from them?" He
then made the same demands which he had commissioned the embassadors
to make, that [Ariovistus] should not make war either upon the Aedui
or their allies, that he should restore the hostages; that if he could
not send back to their country any part of the Germans, he should
at all events suffer none of them any more to cross the Rhine.

Chapter 44

Ariovistus briefly replied to the demands of Caesar; but expatiated
largely on his own virtues, "that he had crossed the Rhine not of
his own accord, but on being invited and sent for by the Gauls; that
he had not left home and kindred without great expectations and great
rewards; that he had settlements in Gaul, granted by the Gauls themselves;
that the hostages had been given by their good-will; that he took
by right of war the tribute which conquerors are accustomed to impose
on the conquered; that he had not made war upon the Gauls, but the
Gauls upon him; that all the states of Gaul came to attack him, and
had encamped against him; that all their forces had been routed and
beaten by him in a single battle; that if they chose to make a second
trial, he was ready to encounter them again; but if they chose to
enjoy peace, it was unfair to refuse the tribute, which of their own
free-will they had paid up to that time. That the friendship of the
Roman people ought to prove to him an ornament and a safeguard, not
a detriment; and that he sought it with that expectation. But if through
the Roman people the tribute was to be discontinued, and those who
surrendered to be seduced from him, he would renounce the friendship
of the Roman people no less heartily than he had sought it. As to
his leading over a host of Germans into Gaul, that he was doing this
with a view of securing himself, not of assaulting Gaul: that there
was evidence of this, in that he did not come without being invited,
and in that he did not make war, but merely warded it off. That he
had come into Gaul before the Roman people. That never before this
time did a Roman army go beyond the frontiers of the province of Gaul.
What [said he] does [Caesar] desire? - why come into his [Ariovistus]
domains? - that this was his province of Gaul, just as that is ours.
As it ought not to be pardoned in him, if he were to make an attack
upon our territories; so, likewise, that we were unjust, to obstruct
him in his prerogative. As for Caesar's saying that the Aedui had
been styled 'brethren' by the senate, he was not so uncivilized nor
so ignorant of affairs, as not to know that the Aedui in the very
last war with the Allobroges had neither rendered assistance to the
Romans, nor received any from the Roman people in the struggles which
the Aedui had been maintaining with him and with the Sequani. He must
feel suspicious, that Caesar, though feigning friendship as the reason
for his keeping an army in Gaul, was keeping it with the view of crushing
him. And that unless he depart and withdraw his army from these parts,
he shall regard him not as a friend, but as a foe; and that, even
if he should put him to death, he should do what would please many
of the nobles and leading men of the Roman people; he had assurance
of that from themselves through their messengers, and could purchase
the favor and the friendship of them all by his [Caesar's] death.
But if he would depart and resign to him the free possession of Gaul,
he would recompense him with a great reward, and would bring to a
close whatever wars he wished to be carried on, without any trouble
or risk to him."

Chapter 45

Many things were stated by Caesar to the effect [to show]; "why he
could not waive the business, and that neither his nor the Roman people's
practice would suffer him to abandon most meritorious allies, nor
did he deem that Gaul belonged to Ariovistus rather than to the Roman
people; that the Arverni and the Ruteni had been subdued in war by
Quintus Fabius Maximus, and that the Roman people had pardoned them
and had not reduced them into a province or imposed a tribute upon
them. And if the most ancient period was to be regarded - then was
the sovereignty of the Roman people in Gaul most just: if the decree
of the Senate was to be observed, then ought Gaul to be free, which
they [the Romans] had conquered in war, and had permitted to enjoy
its own laws."

Chapter 46

While these things are being transacted in the conference it was announced
to Caesar that the cavalry of Ariovistus were approaching nearer the
mound, and were riding up to our men, and casting stones and weapons
at them. Caesar made an end of his speech and betook himself to his
men; and commanded them that they should by no means return a weapon
upon the enemy. For though he saw that an engagement with the cavalry
would be without any danger to his chosen legion, yet he did not think
proper to engage, lest, after the enemy were routed, it might be said
that they had been insnared by him under the sanction of a conference.
When it was spread abroad among the common soldiery with what haughtiness
Ariovistus had behaved at the conference, and how he had ordered the
Romans to quit Gaul, and how his cavalry had made an attack upon our
men, and how this had broken off the conference, a much greater alacrity
and eagerness for battle was infused into our army.

Chapter 47

Two days after, Ariovistus sends embassadors to Caesar, to state "that
he wished to treat with him about those things which had been begun
to be treated of between them, but had not been concluded;" [and to
beg] that "he would either again appoint a day for a conference; or,
if he were not willing to do that, that he would send one of his [officers]
as an embassador to him." There did not appear to Caesar any good
reason for holding a conference; and the more so as the day before
the Germans could not be restrained from casting weapons at our men.
He thought he should not without great danger send to him as embassador
one of his [Roman] officers, and should expose him to savage men.
It seemed [therefore] most proper to send to him C. Valerius Procillus,
the son of C. Valerius Caburus, a young man of the highest courage
and accomplishments (whose father had been presented with the freedom
of the city by C. Valerius Flaccus), both on account of his fidelity
and on account of his knowledge of the Gallic language, which Ariovistus,
by long practice, now spoke fluently; and because in his case the
Germans would have no motive for committing violence; and [as his
colleague] M. Mettius, who had shared the hospitality of Ariovistus.
He commissioned them to learn what Ariovistus had to say, and to report
to him. But when Ariovistus saw them before him in his camp, he cried
out in the presence of his army, "Why were they come to him? Was it
for the purpose of acting as spies?" He stopped them when attempting
to speak, and cast them into chains.

Chapter 48

The same day he moved his camp forward and pitched under a hill six
miles from Caesar's camp. The day following he led his forces past
Caesar's camp, and encamped two miles beyond him; with this design
that he might cut off Caesar from the corn and provisions, which might
be conveyed to him from the Sequani and the Aedui. For five successive
days from that day, Caesar drew out his forces before the camp, and
put them in battle order, that, if Ariovistus should be willing to
engage in battle, an opportunity might not be wanting to him. Ariovistus
all this time kept his army in camp: but engaged daily in cavalry
skirmishes. The method of battle in which the Germans had practiced
themselves was this. There were 6,000 horse, and as many very active
and courageous foot, one of whom each of the horse selected out of
the whole army for his own protection. By these [foot] they were constantly
accompanied in their engagements; to these the horse retired; these
on any emergency rushed forward; if any one, upon receiving a very
severe wound, had fallen from his horse, they stood around him: if
it was necessary to advance further than usual, or to retreat more
rapidly, so great, from practice, was their swiftness, that, supported
by the manes of the horses, they could keep pace with their speed.

Chapter 49

Perceiving that Ariovistus kept himself in camp, Caesar, that he might
not any longer be cut off from provisions, chose a convenient position
for a camp beyond that place in which the Germans had encamped, at
about 600 paces from them, and having drawn up his army in three lines,
marched to that place. He ordered the first and second lines to be
under arms; the third to fortify the camp. This place was distant
from the enemy about 600 paces, as has been stated. Thither Ariovistus
sent light troops, about 16,000 men in number, with all his cavalry;
which forces were to intimidate our men, and hinder them in their
fortification. Caesar nevertheless, as he had before arranged, ordered
two lines to drive off the enemy: the third to execute the work. The
camp being fortified, he left there two legions and a portion of the
auxiliaries; and led back the other four legions into the larger camp.

Chapter 50

The next day, according to his custom, Caesar led out his forces from
both camps, and having advanced a little from the larger one, drew
up his line of battle, and gave the enemy an opportunity of fighting.
When he found that they did not even then come out [from their intrenchments,]
he led back his army into camp about noon. Then at last Ariovistus
sent part of his forces to attack the lesser camp. The battle was
vigorously maintained on both sides till the evening. At sunset, after
many wounds had been inflicted and received, Ariovistus led back his
forces into camp. When Caesar inquired of his prisoners, wherefore
Ariovistus did not come to an engagement, he discovered this to be
the reason - that among the Germans it was the custom for their matrons
to pronounce from lots and divination, whether it were expedient that
the battle should be engaged in or not; that they had said, "that
it was not the will of heaven that the Germans should conquer, if
they engaged in battle before the new moon."

Chapter 51

The day following, Caesar left what seemed sufficient as a guard for
both camps; [and then] drew up all the auxiliaries in sight of the
enemy, before the lesser camp, because he was not very powerful in
the number of legionary soldiers, considering the number of the enemy;
that [thereby] he might make use of his auxiliaries for appearance.
He himself, having drawn up his army in three lines, advanced to the
camp of the enemy. Then at last of necessity the Germans drew their
forces out of camp, and disposed them canton by canton, at equal distances,
the Harudes, Marcomanni, Tribocci, Vangiones, Nemetes, Sedusii, Suevi;
and surrounded their whole army with their chariots and wagons, that
no hope might be left in flight. On these they placed their women,
who, with disheveled hair and in tears, entreated the soldiers, as
they went forward to battle, not to deliver them into slavery to the
Romans.

Chapter 52

Caesar appointed over each legion a lieutenant and a questor, that
every one might have them as witnesses of his valor. He himself began
the battle at the head of the right wing, because he had observed
that part of the enemy to be the least strong. Accordingly our men,
upon the signal being given, vigorously made an attack upon the enemy,
and the enemy so suddenly and rapidly rushed forward, that there was
no time for casting the javelins at them. Throwing aside [therefore]
their javelins, they fought with swords hand to hand. But the Germans,
according to their custom, rapidly forming a phalanx, sustained the
attack of our swords. There were found very many of our soldiers who
leaped upon the phalanx, and with their hands tore away the shields,
and wounded the enemy from above. Although the army of the enemy was
routed on the left wing and put to flight, they [still] pressed heavily
on our men from the right wing, by the great number of their troops.
On observing which, P. Crassus, a young man, who commanded the cavalry
- as he was more disengaged than those who were employed in the fight
- sent the third line as a relief to our men who were in distress.

Chapter 53

Thereupon the engagement was renewed, and all the enemy turned their
backs, nor did they cease to flee until they arrived at the river
Rhine, about fifty miles from that place. There some few, either relying
on their strength, endeavored to swim over, or, finding boats, procured
their safety. Among the latter was Ariovistus, who meeting with a
small vessel tied to the bank, escaped in it; our horse pursued and
slew all the rest of them. Ariovistus had two wives, one a Suevan
by nation, whom he brought with him from home; the other a Norican,
the sister of king Vocion, whom he had married in Gaul, she having
been sent [thither for that purpose] by her brother. Both perished
in that flight. Of their two daughters, one was slain, the other captured.
C. Valerius Procillus, as he was being dragged by his guards in the
fight, bound with a triple chain, fell into the hands of Caesar himself,
as he was pursuing the enemy with his cavalry. This circumstance indeed
afforded Caesar no less pleasure than the victory itself; because
he saw a man of the first rank in the province of Gaul, his intimate
acquaintance and friend, rescued from the hand of the enemy, and restored
to him, and that fortune had not diminished aught of the joy and exultation
[of that day] by his destruction. He [Procillus] said that, in his
own presence, the lots had been thrice consulted respecting him, whether
he should immediately be put to death by fire, or be reserved for
another time: that by the favor of the lots he was uninjured. M. Mettius,
also, was found and brought back to him [Caesar.]

Chapter 54

This battle having been reported beyond the Rhine, the Suevi, who
had come to the banks of that river, began to return home, when the
Ubii, who dwelt nearest to the Rhine, pursuing them, while much alarmed,
slew a great number of them. Caesar having concluded two very important
wars in one campaign, conducted his army into winter quarters among
the Sequani, a little earlier than the season of the year required.
He appointed Labienus over the winter-quarters, and set out in person
for Hither Gaul to hold the assizes.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

BOOK 2

Chapter 1

While Caesar was in winter quarters in Hither Gaul, as we have shown
above, frequent reports were brought to him, and he was also informed
by letters from Labienus, that all the Belgae, who we have said are
a third part of Gaul, were entering into a confederacy against the
Roman people, and giving hostages to one another; that the reasons
of the confederacy were these - first, because they feared that, after
all [Celtic] Gaul was subdued, our army would be led against them;
secondly, because they were instigated by several of the Gauls; some
of whom as [on the one hand] they had been unwilling that the Germans
should remain any longer in Gaul, so [on the other] they were dissatisfied
that the army of the Roman people should pass the winter in it, and
settle there; and others of them, from a natural instability and fickleness
of disposition, were anxious for a revolution; [the Belgae were instigated]
by several, also, because the government in Gaul was generally seized
upon by the more powerful persons and by those who had the means of
hiring troops, and they could less easily effect this object under
our dominion.

Chapter 2

Alarmed by these tidings and letters, Caesar levied two new legions
in Hither Gaul, and, at the beginning of summer, sent Q. Pedius, his
lieutenant, to conduct them further into Gaul. He, himself, as soon
as there began to be plenty of forage, came to the army. He gives
a commission to the Senones and the other Gauls who were neighbors
of the Belgae, to learn what is going on among them [i.e. the Belgae],
and inform him of these matters. These all uniformly reported that
troops were being raised, and that an army was being collected in
one place. Then, indeed, he thought that he ought not to hesitate
about proceeding toward them, and having provided supplies, moves
his camp, and in about fifteen days arrives at the territories of
the Belgae.

Chapter 3

As he arrived there unexpectedly and sooner than any one anticipated,
the Remi, who are the nearest of the Belgae to [Celtic] Gaul, sent
to him Iccius and Antebrogius, [two of] the principal persons of the
state, as their embassadors: to tell him that they surrendered themselves
and all their possessions to the protection and disposal of the Roman
people: and that they had neither combined with the rest of the Belgae,
nor entered into any confederacy against the Roman people: and were
prepared to give hostages, to obey his commands, to receive him into
their towns, and to aid him with corn and other things; that all the
rest of the Belgae were in arms; and that the Germans, who dwell on
this side of the Rhine, had joined themselves to them; and that so
great was the infatuation of them all, that they could not restrain
even the Suessiones, their own brethren and kinsmen, who enjoy the
same rights, and the, same laws, and who have one government and one
magistracy [in common] with themselves, from uniting with them.

Chapter 4

When Caesar inquired of them what states were in arms, how powerful
they were, and what they could do, in war, he received the following
information: that the greater part of the Belgae were sprung, from
the Germans, and that having crossed the Rhine at an early period,
they had settled there, on account of the fertility of the country,
and had driven out the Gauls who inhabited those regions; and that
they were the only people who, in the memory of our fathers, when
all Gaul was overrun, had prevented the Teutones and the Cimbri from
entering their territories; the effect of which was, that, from the
recollection of those events, they assumed to themselves great authority
and haughtiness in military matters. The Remi said, that they had
known accurately every thing respecting their number, because being
united to them by neighborhood and by alliances, they had learned
what number each state had in the general council of the Belgae promised
for that war. That the Bellovaci were the most powerful among them
in valor, influence, and the number of men; that these could muster
100,000 armed men, [and had] promised 60,000 picked men out of that
number, and demanded for themselves the command of the whole war.
That the Suessiones were their nearest neighbors and possessed a very
extensive and fertile country; that among them, even in our own memory,
Divitiacus, the most powerful man of all Gaul, had been king; who
had held the government of a great part of these regions, as well
as of Britain; that their king at present was Galba; that the direction
of the whole war was conferred by the consent of all, upon him, on
account of his integrity and prudence; that they had twelve towns;
that they had promised 50,000 armed men; and that the Nervii, who
are reckoned the most warlike among them, and are situated at a very
great distance, [had promised] as many; the Atrebates 15,000; the
Ambiani, 10,000; the Morini, 25,000; the Menapii, 9,000; the Caleti,
10,000; the Velocasses and the Veromandui as many; the Aduatuci 19,000;
that the Condrusi, the Eburones, the Caeraesi, the Paemani, who are
called by the common name of Germans [had promised], they thought,
to the number of 40,000.

Chapter 5

Caesar, having encouraged the Remi, and addressed them courteously,
ordered the whole senate to assemble before him, and the children
of their chief men to be brought to him as hostages; all which commands
they punctually performed by the day [appointed]. He, addressing himself
to Divitiacus, the Aeduan, with great earnestness, points out how
much it concerns the republic and their common security, that the
forces of the enemy should be divided, so that it might not be necessary
to engage with so large a number at one time. [He asserts] that this
might be affected if the Aedui would lead their forces into the territories
of the Bellovaci, and begin to lay waste their country. With these
instructions he dismissed him from his presence. After he perceived
that all the forces of the Belgae, which had been collected in one
place, were approaching toward him, and learned from the scouts whom
he had sent out, and [also] from the Remi, that they were then not
far distant, he hastened to lead his army over the Aisne, which is
on the borders of the Remi, and there pitched his camp. This position
fortified one side of his camp by the banks of the river, rendered
the country which lay in his rear secure from the enemy, and furthermore
insured that provisions might without danger be brought to him by
the Remi and the rest of the states. Over that river was a bridge:
there he places a guard; and on the other side of the river he leaves
Q. Titurius Sabinus, his lieutenant, with six cohorts. He orders him
to fortify a camp with a rampart twelve feet in height, and a trench
eighteen feet in breadth.

Chapter 6

There was a town of the Remi, by name Bibrax, eight miles distant
from this camp. This the Belgae on their march began to attack with
great vigor. [The assault] was with difficulty sustained for that
day. The Gauls' mode of besieging is the same as that of the Belgae:
when after having drawn a large number of men around the whole of
the fortifications, stones have begun to be cast against the wall
on all sides, and the wall has been stripped of its defenders, [then],
forming a testudo, they advance to the gates and undermine the wall:
which was easily effected on this occasion; for while so large a number
were casting stones and darts, no one was able to maintain his position
upon the wall. When night had put an end to the assault, Iccius, who
was then in command of the town, one of the Remi, a man of the highest
rank and influence among his people, and one of those who had come
to Caesar as embassador [to sue] for peace, sends messengers to him,
[to report] "That, unless assistance were sent to him he could not
hold out any longer."

Chapter 7

Thither, immediately after midnight, Caesar, using as guides the same
persons who had come to him as messengers from Iccius, sends some
Numidian and Cretan archers, and some Balearian slingers as a relief
to the towns-people, by whose arrival both a desire to resist together
with the hope of [making good their] defense, was infused into the
Remi, and, for the same reason, the hope of gaining the town, abandoned
the enemy. Therefore, after staying a short time before the town,
and laying waste the country of the Remi, when all the villages and
buildings which they could approach had been burned, they hastened
with all their forces to the camp of Caesar, and encamped within less
than two miles [of it]; and their camp, as was indicated by the smoke
and fires, extended more than eight miles in breadth.

Chapter 8

Caesar at first determined to decline a battle, as well on account
of the great number of the enemy as their distinguished reputation
for valor: daily, however, in cavalry actions, he strove to ascertain
by frequent trials, what the enemy could effect by their prowess and
what our men would dare. When he perceived that our men were not inferior,
as the place before the camp was naturally convenient and suitable
for marshaling an army (since the hill where the camp was pitched,
rising gradually from the plain, extended forward in breadth as far
as the space which the marshaled army could occupy, and had steep
declines of its side in either direction, and gently sloping in front
gradually sank to the plain); on either side of that hill he drew
a cross trench of about four hundred paces, and at the extremities
of that trench built forts, and placed there his military engines,
lest, after he had marshaled his army, the enemy, since they were
so powerful in point of number, should be able to surround his men
in the flank, while fighting. After doing this, and leaving in the
camp the two legions which he had last raised, that, if there should
be any occasion, they might be brought as a reserve, he formed the
other six legions in order of battle before the camp. The enemy, likewise,
had drawn up their forces which they had brought out of the camp.

Chapter 9

There was a marsh of no great extent between our army and that of
the enemy. The latter were waiting to see if our men would pass this;
our men, also, were ready in arms to attack them while disordered,
if the first attempt to pass should be made by them. In the mean time
battle was commenced between the two armies by a cavalry action. When
neither army began to pass the marsh, Caesar, upon the skirmishes
of the horse [proving] favorable to our men, led back his forces into
the camp. The enemy immediately hastened from that place to the river
Aisne, which it has been; stated was behind our camp. Finding a ford
there, they endeavored to lead a part of their forces over it; with
the design, that, if they could, they might carry by storm the fort
which Q. Titurius, Caesar's lieutenant, commanded, and might cut off
the bridge; but, if they could not do that, they should lay waste
the lands of the Remi, which were of great use to us in carrying on
the war, and might hinder our men from foraging.

Chapter 10

Caesar, being apprized of this by Titurius, leads all his cavalry
and light-armed Numidians, slingers and archers, over the bridge,
and hastens toward them. There was a severe struggle in that place.
Our men, attacking in the river the disordered enemy, slew a great
part of them. By the immense number of their missiles they drove back
the rest, who, in a most courageous manner were attempting to pass
over their bodies, and surrounded with their cavalry, and cut to pieces
those who had first crossed the river. The enemy, when they perceived
that their hopes had deceived them both with regard to their taking
the town by storm and also their passing the river, and did not see
our men advance to a more disadvantageous place for the purpose of
fighting, and when provisions began to fail them, having called a
council, determined that it was best for each to return to his country,
and resolved to assemble from all quarters to defend those into whose
territories the Romans should first march an army; that they might
contend in their own rather than in a foreign country, and might enjoy
the stores of provision which they possessed at home. Together with
other causes, this consideration also led them to that resolution,
viz: that they had learned that Divitiacus and the Aedui were approaching
the territories of the Bellovaci. And it was impossible to persuade
the latter to stay any longer, or to deter them from conveying succor
to their own people.

Chapter 11

That matter being determined on, marching out of their camp at the
second watch, with great noise and confusion, in no fixed order, nor
under any command, since each sought for himself the foremost place
in the journey, and hastened to reach home, they made their departure
appear very like a flight. Caesar, immediately learning this through
his scouts, [but] fearing an ambuscade, because he had not yet discovered
for what reason they were departing, kept his army and cavalry within
the camp. At daybreak, the intelligence having been confirmed by the
scouts, he sent forward his cavalry to harass their rear; and gave
the command of it to two of his lieutenants, Q. Pedius, and L. Aurunculeius
Cotta. He ordered T. Labienus, another of his lieutenants, to follow
them closely with three legions. These, attacking their rear, and
pursuing them for many miles, slew a great number of them as they
were fleeing; while those in the rear with whom they had come up,
halted, and bravely sustained the attack of our soldiers; the van,
because they appeared to be removed from danger, and were not restrained
by any necessity or command, as soon as the noise was heard, broke
their ranks, and, to a man, rested their safety in flight. Thus without
any risk [to themselves] our men killed as great a number of them
as the length of the day allowed; and at sunset desisted from the
pursuit, and betook themselves into the camp, as they had been commanded.

Chapter 12

On the day following, before the enemy could recover from their terror
and flight, Caesar led his army into the territories of the Suessiones,
which are next to the Remi, and having accomplished a long march,
hastens to the town named Noviodunum. Having attempted to take it
by storm on his march, because he heard that it was destitute of [sufficient]
defenders, he was not able to carry it by assault, on account of the
breadth of the ditch and the height of the wall, though few were defending
it. Therefore, having fortified the camp, he began to bring up the
vineae, and to provide whatever things were necessary for the storm.
In the mean time the whole body of the Suessiones, after their flight,
came the next night into the town. The vineae having been quickly
brought up against the town, a mound thrown up, and towers built,
the Gauls, amazed by the greatness of the works, such as they had
neither seen nor heard of before, and struck also by the dispatch
of the Romans, send embassadors to Caesar respecting a surrender,
and succeed in consequence of the Remi requesting that they [the Suessiones]
might be spared.

Chapter 13

Caesar, having received as hostages the first men of the state, and
even the two sons of king Galba himself; and all the arms in the town
having been delivered up, admitted the Suessiones to a surrender,
and led his army against the Bellovaci. Who, when they had conveyed
themselves and all their possessions into the town Galled Bratuspantium,
and Caesar with his army was about five miles distant from that town,
all the old men, going out of the town, began to stretch out their
hands to Caesar, and to intimate by their voice that they would throw
themselves on his protection and power, nor would contend in arms
against the Roman people. In like manner, when he had come up to the
town, and there pitched his camp, the boys and the women from the
wall, with outstretched hands, after their custom, begged peace from
the Romans.

Chapter 14

For these Divitiacus pleads (for after the departure of the Belgae,
having dismissed the troops of the Aedui, he had returned to Caesar).
"The Bellovaci had at all times been in the alliance and friendship
of the Aeduan state; that they had revolted from the Aedui and made
war upon the Roman people, being urged thereto by their nobles, who
said that the Aedui, reduced to slavery by Caesar, were suffering
every indignity and insult. That they who had been the leaders of
that plot, because they perceived how great a calamity they had brought
upon the state, had fled into Britain. That not only the Bellovaci,
but also the Aedui, entreated him to use his [accustomed] clemency
and lenity toward them [the Bellovaci]: which if he did, he would
increase the influence of the Aedui among all the Belgae, by whose
succor and resources they had been accustomed to support themselves
whenever any wars occurred."

Chapter 15

Caesar said that on account of his respect for Divitiacus and the
Aeduans, he would receive them into his protection, and would spare
them; but, because the state was of great influence among the Belgae,
and pre-eminent in the number of its population, he demanded 600 hostages.
When these were delivered, and all the arms in the town collected,
he went from that place into the territories of the Ambiani, who,
without delay, surrendered themselves and all their possessions. Upon
their territories bordered the Nervii, concerning whose character
and customs when Caesar inquired he received the following information:
- That there was no access for merchants to them; that they suffered
no wine and other things tending to luxury to be imported; because,
they thought that by their use the mind is enervated and the courage
impaired: that they were a savage people and of great bravery: that
they upbraided and condemned the rest of the Belgae who had surrendered
themselves to the Roman people and thrown aside their national courage:
that they openly declared they would neither send embassadors, nor
accept any condition of peace."

Chapter 16

After he had made three days march through their territories, he discovered
from some prisoners, that the river Sambre was not more than ten miles
from his camp; that all the Nervii had stationed themselves on the
other side of that river, and together with the Atrebates and the
Veromandui, their neighbors, were there awaiting the arrival of the
Romans; for they had persuaded both these nations to try the same
fortune of war [as themselves]: that the forces of the Aduatuci were
also expected by them, and were on their march; that they had put
their women, and those who through age appeared useless for war, in
a place to which there was no approach for an army, on account of
the marshes.

Chapter 17

Having learned these things, he sends forward scouts and centurions
to choose a convenient place for the camp. And as a great many of
the surrounding Belgae and other Gauls, following Caesar, marched
with him; some of these, as was afterwards learned from the prisoners,
having accurately observed, during those days, the army's method of
marching, went by night to the Nervii, and informed them that a great
number of baggage-trains passed between the several legions, and that
there would be no difficulty, when the first legion had come into
the camp, and the other legions were at a great distance, to attack
that legion while under baggage, which being routed, and the baggage-train
seized, it would come to pass that the other legions would not dare
to stand their ground. It added weight also to the advice of those
who reported that circumstance, that the Nervii, from early times,
because they were weak in cavalry, (for not even at this time do they
attend to it, but accomplish by their infantry whatever they can,)
in order that they might the more easily obstruct the cavalry of their
neighbors if they came upon them for the purpose of plundering, having
cut young trees, and bent them, by means of their numerous branches
[extending] on to the sides, and the quick-briars and thorns springing
up between them, had made these hedges present a fortification like
a wall, through which it was not only impossible to enter, but even
to penetrate with the eye. Since [therefore] the march of our army
would be obstructed by these things, the Nervii thought that the advice
ought not to be neglected by them.

Chapter 18

The nature of the ground which our men had chosen for the camp was
this: A hill, declining evenly from the top, extending to the river
Sambre, which we have mentioned above: from this river there arose
a [second] hill of like ascent, on the other side and opposite to
the former, and open for about 200 paces at the lower part; but in
the upper part, woody, (so much so) that it was not easy to see through
it into the interior. Within these woods the enemy kept themselves
in concealment; a few troops of horse-soldiers appeared on the open
ground, along the river. The depth of the river was about three feet.

Chapter 19

Caesar, having sent his cavalry on before, followed close after them
with all his forces; but the plan and order of the march was different
from that which the Belgae had reported to the Nervii. For as he was
approaching the enemy, Caesar, according to his custom, led on [as
the van six legions unencumbered by baggage; behind them he had placed
the baggage- trains of the whole army; then the two legions which
had been last raised closed the rear, and were a guard for the baggage-train.
Our horse, with the slingers and archers, having passed the river,
commenced action with the cavalry of the enemy. While they from time
to time betook themselves into the woods to their companions, and
again made an assault out of the wood upon our men, who did not dare
to follow them in their retreat further than the limit to which the
plain and open parts extended, in the mean time the six legions which
had arrived first, having measured out the work, began to fortify
the camp. When the first part of the baggage train of our army was
seen by those who lay hid in the woods, which had been agreed on among
them as the time for commencing action, as soon as they had arranged
their line of battle and formed their ranks within the woods, and
had encouraged one another, they rushed out suddenly with all their
forces and made an attack upon our horse. The latter being easily
routed and thrown into confusion, the Nervii ran down to the river
with such incredible speed that they seemed to be in the woods, the
river, and close upon us almost at the same time. And with the same
speed they hastened up the hill to our camp, and to those who were
employed in the works.

Chapter 20

Caesar had every thing to do at one time: the standard to be displayed,
which was the sign when it was necessary to run to arms; the signal
to be given by the trumpet; the soldiers to be called off from the
works; those who had proceeded some distance for the purpose of seeking
materials for the rampart, to be summoned; the order of battle to
be formed; the soldiers to be encouraged; the watchword to be given.
A great part of these arrangements was prevented by the shortness
of time and the sudden approach and charge of the enemy. Under these
difficulties two things proved of advantage; [first] the skill and
experience of the soldiers, because, having been trained by former
engagements, they could suggest to themselves what ought to be done,
as conveniently as receive information from others; and [secondly]
that Caesar had forbidden his several lieutenants to depart from the
works and their respective legions, before the camp was fortified.
These, on account of the near approach and the speed of the enemy,
did not then wait for any command from Caesar, but of themselves executed
whatever appeared proper.

Chapter 21

Caesar, having given the necessary orders, hastened to and fro into
whatever quarter fortune carried him, to animate the troops, and came
to the tenth legion. Having encouraged the soldiers with no further
speech than that "they should keep up the remembrance of their wonted
valor, and not be confused in mind, but valiantly sustain the assault
of the enemy ;" as the latter were not further from them than the
distance to which a dart could be cast, he gave the signal for commencing
battle. And having gone to another quarter for the purpose of encouraging
[the soldiers], he finds them fighting. Such was the shortness of
the time, and so determined was the mind of the enemy on fighting,
that time was wanting not only for affixing the military insignia,
but even for putting on the helmets and drawing off the covers from
the shields. To whatever part any one by chance came from the works
(in which he had been employed), and whatever standards he saw first,
at these he stood, lest in seeking his own company he should lose
the time for fighting.

Chapter 22

The army having been marshaled, rather as the nature of the ground
and the declivity of the hill and the exigency of the time, than as
the method and order of military matters required; while the legions
in the different places were withstanding the enemy, some in one quarter,
some in another, and the view was obstructed by the very thick hedges
intervening, as we have before remarked, neither could proper reserves
be posted, nor could the necessary measures be taken in each part,
nor could all the commands be issued by one person. Therefore, in
such an unfavorable state of affairs, various events of fortune followed.

Chapter 23

The soldiers of the ninth and tenth legions, as they had been stationed
on the left part of the army, casting their weapons, speedily drove
the Atrebates (for that division had been opposed to them,) who were
breathless with running and fatigue, and worn out with wounds, from
the higher ground into the river; and following them as they were
endeavoring to pass it, slew with their swords a great part of them
while impeded (therein). They themselves did not hesitate to pass
the river; and having advanced to a disadvantageous place, when the
battle was renewed, they [nevertheless] again put to flight the enemy,
who had returned and were opposing them. In like manner, in another
quarter two different legions, the eleventh and the eighth, having
routed the Veromandui, with whom they had engaged, were fighting from
the higher ground upon the very banks of the river. But, almost the
whole camp on the front and on the left side being then exposed, since
the twelfth legion was posted in the right wing, and the seventh at
no great distance from it, all the Nervii, in a very close body, with
Boduognatus, who held the chief command, as their leader, hastened
toward that place; and part of them began to surround the legions
on their unprotected flank, part to make for the highest point of
the encampment.

Chapter 24

At the same time our horsemen, and light-armed infantry, who had been
with those, who, as I have related, were routed by the first assault
of the enemy, as they were betaking themselves into the camp, met
the enemy face to face, and again sought flight into another quarter;
and the camp-followers who from the Decuman Gate, and from the highest
ridge of the hill had seen our men pass the river as victors, when,
after going out for the purposes of plundering, they looked back and
saw the enemy parading in our camp, committed themselves precipitately
to flight; at the same time there arose the cry and shout of those
who came with the baggage-train: and they (affrighted), were carried
some one way, some another. By all these circumstances the cavalry
of the Treviri were much alarmed, (whose reputation for courage is
extraordinary among the Gauls, and who had come to Caesar, being sent
by their state as auxiliaries), and, when they saw our camp filled
with a large number of the enemy, the legions hard pressed and almost
held surrounded, the camp-retainers, horsemen, slingers, and Numidians
fleeing on all sides divided and scattered, they, despairing of our
affairs, hastened home, and related to their state that the Romans
were routed and conquered, [and] that the enemy were in possession
of their camp and baggage-train.

Chapter 25

Caesar proceeded, after encouraging the tenth legion, to the right
wing; where he perceived that his men were hard pressed, and that
in consequence of the standards of the twelfth legion being collected
together in one place, the crowded soldiers were a hinderance to themselves
in the fight; that all the centurions of the fourth cohort were slain,
and the standard- bearer killed, the standard itself lost, almost
all the centurions of the other cohorts either wounded or slain, and
among them the chief centurion of the legion P. Sextius Baculus, a
very valiant man, who was so exhausted by many and severe wounds,
that he was already unable to support himself; he likewise perceived
that the rest were slackening their efforts, and that some, deserted
by those in the rear, were retiring from the battle and avoiding the
weapons; that the enemy [on the other hand] though advancing from
the lower ground, were not relaxing in front, and were [at the same
time] pressing hard on both flanks; he also perceived that the affair
was at a crisis, and that there was not any reserve which could be
brought up, having therefore snatched a shield from one of the soldiers
in the rear (for he himself had come without a shield), he advanced
to the front of the line, and addressing the centurions by name, and
encouraging the rest of the soldiers, he ordered them to carry forward
the standards, and extend the companies, that they might the more
easily use their swords. On his arrival, as hope was brought to the
soldiers and their courage restored, while every one for his own part,
in the sight of his general, desired to exert his utmost energy, the
impetuosity of the enemy was a little checked.

Chapter 26

Caesar, when he perceived that the seventh legion, which stood close
by him, was also hard pressed by the enemy, directed the tribunes
of the soldiers to effect a junction of the legions gradually, and
make their charge upon the enemy with a double front; which having
been done, since they brought assistance the one to the other, nor
feared lest their rear should be surrounded by the enemy, they began
to stand their ground more boldly, and to fight more courageously.
In the mean time, the soldiers of the two legions which had been in
the rear of the army, as a guard for the baggage-train, upon the battle
being reported to them, quickened their pace, and were seen by the
enemy on the top of the hill; and Titus Labienus, having gained possession
of the camp of the enemy, and observed from the higher ground what
was going on in our camp, sent the tenth legion as a relief to our
men, who, when they had learned from the flight of the horse and the
sutlers in what position the affair was, and in how great danger the
camp and the legion and the commander were involved, left undone nothing
[which tended] to dispatch.

Chapter 27

By their arrival, so great a change of matters was made, that our
men, even those who had fallen down exhausted with wounds, leaned
on their shields, and renewed the fight: then the camp-retainers,
though unarmed, seeing the enemy completely dismayed, attacked [them
though] armed; the horsemen too, that they might by their valor blot
the disgrace of their flight, thrust themselves before the legionary
soldiers in all parts of the battle. But the enemy, even in the last
hope of safety, displayed such great courage, that when the foremost
of them had fallen, the next stood upon them prostrate, and fought
from their bodies; when these were overthrown, and their corpses heaped
up together, those who survived cast their weapons against our men
[thence], as from a mound, and returned our darts which had fallen
short between [the armies]; so that it ought not to be concluded,
that men of such great courage had injudiciously dared to pass a very
broad river, ascend very high banks, and come up to a very disadvantageous
place; since their greatness of spirit had rendered these actions
easy, although in themselves very difficult.

Chapter 28

This battle being ended, and the nation and name of the Nervii being
almost reduced to annihilation, their old men, whom together with
the boys and women we have stated to have been collected together
in the fenny places and marshes, on this battle having been reported
to them, since they were convinced that nothing was an obstacle to
the conquerors, and nothing safe to the conquered, sent embassadors
to Caesar by the consent of all who remained, and surrendered themselves
to him; and in recounting the calamity of their state, said that their
senators were reduced from 600 to three; that from 60,000 men they
[were reduced] to scarcely 500 who could bear arms; whom Caesar, that
he might appear to use compassion toward the wretched and the suppliant,
most carefully spared; and ordered them to enjoy their own territories
and towns, and commanded their neighbors that they should restrain
themselves and their dependents from offering injury or outrage [to
them].

Chapter 29

When the Aduatuci, of whom we have written above, were coming up with
all their forces to the assistance of the Nervii, upon this battle
being reported to them, they returned home after they were on the
march; deserting all their towns and forts, they conveyed together
all their possessions into one town, eminently fortified by nature.
While this town had on all sides around it very high rocks and precipices,
there was left on one side a gently ascending approach, of not more
than 200 feet in width; which place they had fortified with a very
lofty double wall: besides, they had placed stones of great weight
and sharpened stakes upon the walls. They were descended from the
Cimbri and Teutones, who, when they were marching into our province
and Italy, having deposited on this side the river Rhine such of their
baggage-trains as they could not drive or convey with them, left 6,000
of their men as a guard and defense for them. These having, after
the destruction of their countrymen, been harassed for many years
by their neighbors, while one time they waged war offensively, and
at another resisted it when waged against them, concluded a peace
with the consent of all, and chose this place as their settlement.

Chapter 30

And on the first arrival of our army they made frequent sallies from
the town, and contended with our men in trifling skirmishes; afterward,
when hemmed in by a rampart of twelve feet [in height], and fifteen
miles in circuit, they kept themselves within the town. When, vineae
having been brought up and a mound raised, they observed that a tower
also was being built at a distance, they at first began to mock the
Romans from their wall, and to taunt them with the following speeches.
"For what purpose was so vast a machine constructed at so great a
distance? With what hands," or "with what strength did they, especially
[as they were] men of such very small stature" (for our shortness
of stature, in comparison to the great size of their bodies, is generally
a subject of much contempt to the men of Gaul) "trust to place against
their walls a tower of such great weight."

Chapter 31

But when they saw that it was being moved, and was approaching their
walls, startled by the new and unaccustomed sight, they sent embassadors
to Caesar [to treat] about peace; who spoke in the following manner:
"That they did not believe the Romans waged war without divine aid,
since they were able to move forward machines of such a height with
so great speed, and thus fight from close quarters; that they resigned
themselves and all their possessions to [Caesar's] disposal: that
they begged and earnestly entreated one thing, viz., that if perchance,
agreeable to his clemency and humanity, which they had heard of from
others, he should resolve that the Aduatuci were to be spared, he
would not deprive them of their arms; that all their neighbors were
enemies to them and envied their courage, from whom they could not
defend themselves if their arms were delivered up: that it was better
for them, if they should be reduced to that state, to suffer any fate
from the Roman people, than to be tortured to death by those among
whom they had been accustomed to rule."

Chapter 32

To these things Caesar replied, "That he, in accordance with his custom,
rather than owing to their desert, should spare the state, if they
should surrender themselves before the battering-ram should touch
the wall; but that there was no condition of surrender, except upon
their arms being delivered up; that he should do to them that which
he had done in the case of the Nervii, and would command their neighbors
not to offer any injury to those who had surrendered to the Roman
people." The matter being reported to their countrymen, they said
that they would execute his commands. Having cast a very large quantity
of their arms from the wall into the trench that was before the town,
so that the heaps of arms almost equalled the top of the wall and
the rampart, and nevertheless having retained and concealed, as we
afterward discovered, about a third part in the town, the gates were
opened, and they enjoyed peace for that day.

Chapter 33

Toward evening Caesar ordered the gates to be shut, and the soldiers
to go out of the town, lest the towns-people should receive any injury
from them by night. They [the Aduatuci], by a design before entered
into, as we afterwards understood, because they believed that, as
a surrender had been made, our men would dismiss their guards, or
at least would keep watch less carefully, partly with those arms which
they had retained and concealed, partly with shields made of bark
or interwoven wickers, which they had hastily covered over with skins,
(as the shortness of time required) in the third watch, suddenly made
a sally from the town with all their forces [in that direction] in
which the ascent to our fortifications seemed the least difficult.
The signal having been immediately given by fires, as Caesar had previously
commended, a rush was made thither [i. e. by the Roman soldiers] from
the nearest fort; and the battle was fought by the enemy as vigorously
as it ought to be fought by brave men, in the last hope of safety,
in a disadvantageous place, and against those who were throwing their
weapons from a rampart and from towers; since all hope of safety depended
on their courage alone. About 4,000 of the men having been slain,
the rest were forced back into the town. The day after, Caesar, after
breaking open the gates, which there was no one then to defend, and
sending in our soldiers, sold the whole spoil of that town. The number
of 53,000 persons was reported to him by those who had bought them.

Chapter 34

At the same time he was informed by P. Crassus, whom he had sent with
one legion against the Veneti, the Unelli, the Osismii, the Curiosolitae,
the Sesuvii, the Aulerci, and the Rhedones, which are maritime states,
and touch upon the [Atlantic] ocean, that all these nations were brought
under the dominion and power of the Roman people.

Chapter 35

These things being achieved, [and] all Gaul being subdued, so high
an opinion of this war was spread among the barbarians, that embassadors
were sent to Caesar by those nations who dwelt beyond the Rhine, to
promise that they would give hostages and execute his commands. Which
embassies Caesar, because he was hastening into Italy and Illyricum,
ordered to return to him at the beginning of the following summer.
He himself, having led his legions into winter quarters among the
Carnutes, the Andes, and the Turones, which states were close to those
regions in which he had waged war, set out for Italy; and a thanksgiving
of fifteen days was decreed for those achievements, upon receiving
Caesar's letter; [an honor] which before that time had been conferred
on none.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

BOOK 3

Chapter 1

When Caesar was setting out for Italy, he sent Servius Galba with
the twelfth legion and part of the cavalry, against the Nantuates,
the Veragri, and Seduni, who extend from the territories of the Allobroges,
and the lake of Geneva, and the River Rhone to the top of the Alps.
The reason for sending him was, that he desired that the pass along
the Alps, through which [the Roman] merchants had been accustomed
to travel with great danger, and under great imposts, should be opened.
He permitted him, if he thought it necessary, to station the legion
in these places, for the purpose of wintering. Galba having fought
some successful battles and stormed several of their forts, upon embassadors
being sent to him from all parts and hostages given and a peace concluded,
determined to station two cohorts among the Nantuates, and to winter
in person with the other cohorts of that legion in a village of the
Veragri, which is called Octodurus; and this village being situated
in a valley, with a small plain annexed to it, is bounded on all sides
by very high mountains. As this village was divided into two parts
by a river, he granted one part of it to the Gauls, and assigned the
other, which had been left by them unoccupied, to the cohorts to winter
in. He fortified this [latter] part with a rampart and a ditch.

Chapter 2

When several days had elapsed in winter quarters, and he had ordered
corn to be brought in he was suddenly informed by his scouts that
all the people had gone off in the night from that part of the town
which he had given up to the Gauls, and that the mountains which hung
over it were occupied by a very large force of the Seduni and Veragri.
It had happened for several reasons that the Gauls suddenly formed
the design of renewing the war and cutting off that legion. First,
because they despised a single legion, on account of its small number,
and that not quite full (two cohorts having been detached, and several
individuals being absent, who had been dispatched for the purpose
of seeking provision); then, likewise, because they thought that on
account of the disadvantageous character of the situation, even their
first attack could not be sustained [by us] when they would rush from
the mountains into the valley, and discharge their weapons upon us.
To this was added, that they were indignant that their children were
torn from them under the title of hostages, and they were persuaded
that the Romans designed to seize upon the summits of the Alps, and
unite those parts to the neighboring province [of Gaul], not only
to secure the passes, but also a constant possession.

Chapter 3

Having received these tidings, Galba, since the works of the winter-quarters
and the fortifications were not fully completed, nor was sufficient
preparation made with regard to corn and other provisions (since,
as a surrender had been made, and hostages received, he had thought
he need entertain no apprehension of war), speedily summoning a council,
began to anxiously inquire their opinions. In which council, since
so much sudden danger had happened contrary to the general expectation,
and almost all the higher places were seen already covered with a
multitude of armed men, nor could [either] troops come to their relief,
or provisions be brought in, as the passes were blocked up [by the
enemy]; safety being now nearly despaired of, some opinions of this
sort were delivered: that, "leaving their baggage, and making a sally,
they should hasten away for safety by the same routes by which they
had come thither." To the greater part, however, it seemed best, reserving
that measure to the last, to await the issue of the matter, and to
defend the camp.

Chapter 4

A short time only having elapsed, so that time was scarcely given
for arranging and executing those things which they had determined
on, the enemy, upon the signal being given, rushed down [upon our
men] from all parts, and discharged stones and darts, upon our rampart.
Our men at first, while their strength was fresh, resisted bravely,
nor did they cast any weapon ineffectually from their higher station.
As soon as any part of the camp, being destitute of defenders, seemed
to be hard pressed, thither they ran, and brought assistance. But
they were over-matched in this, that the enemy when wearied by the
long continuance of the battle, went out of the action, and others
with fresh strength came in their place; none of which things could
be done by our men, owing to the smallness of their number; and not
only was permission not given to the wearied [Roman] to retire from
the fight, but not even to the wounded [was liberty granted] to quit
the post where he had been stationed, and recover.

Chapter 5

When they had now been fighting for more than six hours, without cessation,
and not only strength, but even weapons were failing our men, and
the enemy were pressing on more rigorously, and had begun to demolish
the rampart and to fill up the trench, while our men were becoming
exhausted, and the matter was now brought to the last extremity, P.
Sextius Baculus, a centurion of the first rank, whom we have related
to have been disabled by severe wounds in the engagement with the
Nervii, and also C. Volusenus, a tribune of the soldiers, a man of
great skill and valor, hasten to Galba, and assure him that the only
hope of safety lay in making a sally, and trying the last resource.
Whereupon assembling the centurions, he quickly gives orders to the
soldiers to discontinue the fight a short time, and only collect the
weapons flung [at them], and recruit themselves after their fatigue,
and afterward, upon the signal being given, sally forth from the camp,
and place in their valor all their hope of safety.

Chapter 6

They do what they were ordered; and, making a sudden sally from all
the gates [of the camp], leave the enemy the means neither of knowing
what was taking place, nor of collecting themselves. Fortune thus
taking a turn, [our men] surround on every side, and slay those who
had entertained the hope of gaining the camp and having killed more
than the third part of an army of more than 30,000 men (which number
of the barbarians it appeared certain had come up to our camp), put
to flight the rest when panic-stricken, and do not suffer them to
halt even upon the higher grounds. All the forces of the enemy being
thus routed, and stripped of their arms, [our men] betake themselves
to their camp and fortifications. Which battle being finished, inasmuch
as Galba was unwilling to tempt fortune again, and remembered that
he had come into winter quarters with one design, and saw that he
had met with a different state of affairs; chiefly however urged by
the want of corn and provision, having the next day burned all the
buildings of that village, he hastens to return into the province;
and as no enemy opposed or hindered his march, he brought the legion
safe into the [country of the] Nantuates, thence into [that of] the
Allobroges, and there wintered.

Chapter 7

These things being achieved, while Caesar had every reason to suppose
that Gaul was reduced to a state of tranquillity, the Belgae being
overcome, the Germans expelled, the Seduni among the Alps defeated,
and when he had, therefore, in the beginning of winter, set out for
Illyricum, as he wished to visit those nations, and acquire a knowledge
of their countries, a sudden war sprang up in Gaul. The occasion of
that war was this: P. Crassus, a young man, had taken up his winter
quarters with the seventh legion among the Andes, who border upon
the [Atlantic] ocean. He, as there was a scarcity of corn in those
parts, sent out some officers of cavalry, and several military tribunes
among the neighbouring states, for the purpose of procuring corn and
provision; in which number T. Terrasidius was sent among the Esubii;
M. Trebius Gallus among the Curiosolitae; Q. Velanius, T. Silius,
amongst the Veneti.

Chapter 8

The influence of this state is by far the most considerable of any
of the countries on the whole sea coast, because the Veneti both have
a very great number of ships, with which they have been accustomed
to sail to Britain, and [thus] excel the rest in their knowledge and
experience of nautical affairs; and as only a few ports lie scattered
along that stormy and open sea, of which they are in possession, they
hold as tributaries almost all those who are accustomed to traffic
in that sea. With them arose the beginning [of the revolt] by their
detaining Silius and Velanius; for they thought that they should recover
by their means the hostages which they had given to Crassus. The neighboring
people led on by their influence (as the measures of the Gauls are
sudden and hasty), detain Trebius and Terrasidius for the same motive;
and quickly sending embassadors, by means of their leading men, they
enter into a mutual compact to do nothing except by general consent,
and abide the same issue of fortune; and they solicit the other states
to choose rather to continue in that liberty which they had received
from their ancestors, than endure slavery under the Romans. All the
sea coast being quickly brought over to their sentiments, they send
a common embassy to P. Crassus [to say], "If he wished to receive
back his officers, let him send back to them their hostages."

Chapter 9

Caesar, being informed of these things by Crassus, since he was so
far distant himself, orders ships of war to be built in the mean time
on the river Loire, which flows into the ocean; rowers to be raised
from the province; sailors and pilots to be provided. These matters
being quickly executed, he himself, as soon as the season of the year
permits, hastens to the army. The Veneti, and the other states also,
being informed of Caesar's arrival, when they reflected how great
a crime they had committed, in that, the embassadors (a character
which had among all nations ever been sacred and inviolable) had by
them been detained and thrown into prison, resolve to prepare for
a war in proportion to the greatness of their danger, and especially
to provide those things which appertain to the service of a navy,
with the greater confidence, inasmuch as they greatly relied on the
nature of their situation. They knew that the passes by land were
cut off by estuaries, that the approach by sea was most difficult,
by reason of our ignorance of the localities, [and] the small number
of the harbors, and they trusted that our army would not be able to
stay very long among them, on account of the insufficiency of corn;
and again, even if all these things should turn out contrary to their
expectation, yet they were very powerful in their navy. They well
understood that the Romans neither had any number of ships, nor were
acquainted with the shallows, the harbors, or the islands of those
parts where they would have to carry on the war; and the navigation
was very different in a narrow sea from what it was in the vast and
open ocean. Having come to this resolution, they fortify their towns,
convey corn into them from the country parts, bring together as many
ships as possible to Venetia, where it appeared Caesar would at first
carry on the war. They unite to themselves as allies for that war,
the Osismii, the Lexovii, the Nannetes, the Ambiliati, the Morini,
the Diablintes, and the Menapii; and send for auxiliaries from Britain,
which is situated over against those regions.

Chapter 10

There were these difficulties which we have mentioned above, in carrying
on the war, but many things, nevertheless, urged Caesar to that war;
- the open insult offered to the state in the detention of the Roman
knights, the rebellion raised after surrendering, the revolt after
hostages were given, the confederacy of so many states, but principally,
lest if, [the conduct of] this part was overlooked, the other nations
should think that the same thing was permitted them. Wherefore, since
he reflected that almost all the Gauls were fond of revolution, and
easily and quickly excited to war; that all men likewise, by nature,
love liberty and hate the condition of slavery, he thought he ought
to divide and more widely distribute his army, before more states
should join the confederation.

Chapter 11

He therefore sends T. Labienus, his lieutenant, with the cavalry to
the Treviri, who are nearest to the river Rhine. He charges him to
visit the Remi and the other Belgians, and to keep them in their allegiance
and repel the Germans (who were said to have been summoned by the
Belgae to their aid,) if they attempted to cross the river by force
in their ships. He orders P. Crassus to proceed into Aquitania with
twelve legionary cohorts and a great number of the cavalry, lest auxiliaries
should be sent into Gaul by these states, and such great nations be
united. He sends Q. Titurius Sabinus his lieutenant, with three legions,
among the Unelli, the Curiosolitae, and the Lexovii, to take care
that their forces should be kept separate from the rest. He appoints
D. Brutus, a young man, over the fleet and those Gallic vessels which
he had ordered to be furnished by the Pictones and the Santoni, and
the other provinces which remained at peace; and commands him to proceed
toward the Veneti, as soon as he could. He himself hastens thither
with the land forces.

Chapter 12

The sites of their towns were generally such that, being placed on
extreme points [of land] and on promontories, they neither had an
approach by land when the tide had rushed in from the main ocean,
which always happens twice in the space of twelve hours; nor by ships,
because, upon the tide ebbing again, the ships were likely to be dashed
upon the shoals. Thus, by either circumstance, was the storming of
their towns rendered difficult; and if at any time perchance the Veneti
overpowered by the greatness of our works, (the sea having been excluded
by a mound and large dams, and the latter being made almost equal
in height to the walls of the town) had begun to despair of their
fortunes; bringing up a large number of ships, of which they had a
very great quantity, they carried off all their property and betook
themselves to the nearest towns; there they again defended themselves
by the same advantages of situation. They did this the more easily
during a great part of the summer, because our ships were kept back
by storms, and the difficulty of sailing was very great in that vast
and open sea, with its strong tides and its harbors far apart and
exceedingly few in number.

Chapter 13

For their ships were built and equipped after this manner. The keels
were somewhat flatter than those of our ships, whereby they could
more easily encounter the shallows and the ebbing of the tide: the
prows were raised very high, and, in like manner the sterns were adapted
to the force of the waves and storms [which they were formed to sustain].
The ships were built wholly of oak, and designed to endure any force
and violence whatever; the benches which were made of planks a foot
in breadth, were fastened by iron spikes of the thickness of a man's
thumb; the anchors were secured fast by iron chains instead of cables,
and for sails they used skins and thin dressed leather. These [were
used] either through their want of canvas and their ignorance of its
application, or for this reason, which is more probable, that they
thought that such storms of the ocean, and such violent gales of wind
could not be resisted by sails, nor ships of such great burden be
conveniently enough managed by them. The encounter of our fleet with
these ships' was of such a nature that our fleet excelled in speed
alone, and the plying of the oars; other things, considering the nature
of the place [and] the violence of the storms, were more suitable
and better adapted on their side; for neither could our ships injure
theirs with their beaks (so great was their strength), nor on account
of their height was a weapon easily cast up to them; and for the same
reason they were less readily locked in by rocks. To this was added,
that whenever a storm began to rage and they ran before the wind,
they both could weather the storm more easily and heave to securely
in the shallows, and when left by the tide feared nothing from rocks
and shelves: the risk of all which things was much to be dreaded by
our ships.

Chapter 14

Caesar, after taking many of their towns, perceiving that so much
labor was spent in vain and that the flight of the enemy could not
be prevented on the capture of their towns, and that injury could
not be done them, he determined to wait for his fleet. As soon as
it came up and was first seen by the enemy, about 220 of their ships,
fully equipped and appointed with every kind of [naval] implement,
sailed forth from the harbor, and drew up opposite to ours; nor did
it appear clear to Brutus, who commanded the fleet, or to the tribunes
of the soldiers and the centurions, to whom the several ships were
assigned, what to do, or what system of tactics to adopt; for they
knew that damage could not be done by their beaks; and that, although
turrets were built [on their decks], yet the height of the stems of
the barbarian ships exceeded these; so that weapons could not be cast
up from [our] lower position with sufficient effect, and those cast
by the Gauls fell the more forcibly upon us. One thing provided by
our men was of great service, [viz.] sharp hooks inserted into and
fastened upon poles, of a form not unlike the hooks used in attacking
town walls. When the ropes which fastened the sail-yards to the masts
were caught by them and pulled, and our vessel vigorously impelled
with the oars, they [the ropes] were severed; and when they were cut
away, the yards necessarily fell down; so that as all the hope of
the Gallic vessels depended on their sails and rigging, upon these
being cut away, the entire management of the ships was taken from
them at the same time. The rest of the contest depended on courage;
in which our men decidedly had the advantage; and the more so, because
the whole action was carried on in the sight of Caesar and the entire
army; so that no act, a little more valiant than ordinary, could pass
unobserved, for all the hills and higher grounds, from which there
was a near prospect of the sea were occupied by our army.

Chapter 15

The sail yards [of the enemy], as we have said, being brought down,
although two and [in some cases] three ships [of theirs] surrounded
each one [of ours], the soldiers strove with the greatest energy to
board the ships of the enemy; and, after the barbarians observed this
taking place, as a great many of their ships were beaten, and as no
relief for that evil could be discovered, they hastened to seek safety
in flight. And, having now turned their vessels to that quarter in
which the wind blew, so great a calm and lull suddenly arose, that
they could not move out of their place, which circumstance, truly,
was exceedingly opportune for finishing the business; for our men
gave chase and took them one by one, so that very few out of all the
number, [and those] by the intervention of night, arrived at the land,
after the battle had lasted almost from the fourth hour till sun-set.

Chapter 16

By this battle the war with the Veneti and the whole of the sea coast
was finished; for both all the youth, and all, too, of more advanced
age, in whom there was any discretion or rank, had assembled in that
battle; and they had collected in that one place whatever naval forces
they had anywhere; and when these were lost, the survivors had no
place to retreat to, nor means of defending their towns. They accordingly
surrendered themselves and all their possessions to Caesar, on whom
Caesar thought that punishment should be inflicted the more severely,
in order that for the future the rights of embassadors might be more
carefully respected by barbarians; having, therefore, put to death
all their senate, he sold the rest for slaves.

Chapter 17

While these things are going on among the Veneti, Q. Titurius Sabinus
with those troops which he had received from Caesar, arrives in the
territories of the Unelli. Over these people Viridovix ruled, and
held the chief command of all those states which had revolted; from
which he had collected a large and powerful army. And in those few
days, the Aulerci and the Sexovii, having slain their senate because
they would not consent to be promoters of the war, shut their gates
[against us] and united themselves to Viridovix; a great multitude
besides of desperate men and robbers assembled out of Gaul from all
quarters, whom the hope of plundering and the love of fighting had
called away from husbandry and their daily labor. Sabinus kept himself
within his camp, which was in a position convenient for everything;
while Viridovix encamped over against him at a distance of two miles,
and daily bringing out his forces, gave him an opportunity of fighting;
so that Sabinus had now not only come into contempt with the enemy,
but also was somewhat taunted by the speeches of our soldiers; and
furnished so great a suspicion of his cowardice that the enemy presumed
to approach even to the very rampart of our camp. He adopted this
conduct for the following reason: because he did not think that a
lieutenant ought to engage in battle with so great a force, especially
while he who held the chief command was absent, except on advantageous
ground or some favorable circumstance presented itself.

Chapter 18

After having established this suspicion of his cowardice, he selected
a certain suitable and crafty Gaul, who was one of those whom he had
with him as auxiliaries. He induces him by great gifts and promises
to go over to the enemy; and informs [him] of what he wished to be
done. Who, when he arrives among them as a deserter, lays before them
the fears of the Romans; and informs them by what difficulties Caesar
himself was harassed, and that the matter was not far removed from
this - that Sabinus would the next night privately draw off his army
out of the camp and set forth to Caesar for the purpose of carrying
[him] assistance, which, when they heard, they a11 cry out together
that an opportunity of successfully conducting their enterprise, ought
not to be thrown away: that they ought to go to the [Roman] camp.
Many things persuaded the Gauls to this measure; the delay of Sabinus
during the previous days; the positive assertion of the [pretended]
deserter; want of provisions, for a supply of which they had not taken
the requisite precautions; the hope springing from the Venetic war;
and [also] because in most cases men willingly believe what they wish.
Influenced by these things they do not discharge Viridovix and the
other leaders from the council, before they gained permission from
them to take up arms and hasten to [our] camp; which being granted,
rejoicing as if victory were fully certain, they collected faggots
and brushwood, with which to fill up the Roman trenches, and hasten
to the camp.

Chapter 19

The situation of the camp was a rising ground, gently sloping from
the bottom for about a mile. Thither they proceeded with great speed
(in order that as little time as possible might be given to the Romans
to collect and arm themselves), and arrived quite out of breath. Sabinus
having encouraged his men, gives them the signal, which they earnestly
desired. While the enemy were encumbered by reason of the burdens
which they were carrying, he orders a sally to be made suddenly from
two gates [of the camp]. It happened, by the advantage of situation,
by the unskilfulness and the fatigue of the enemy, by the valor of
our soldiers, and their experience in former battles, that they could
not stand one attack of our men, and immediately turned their backs;
and our men with full vigor followed them while disordered, and slew
a great number of them; the horse pursuing the rest, left but few,
who escaped by flight. Thus at the same time, Sabinus was informed
of the naval battle and Caesar of victory gained by Sabinus; and all
the states immediately surrendered themselves to Titurius: for as
the temper of the Gauls is impetuous and ready to undertake wars,
so their mind is weak, and by no means resolute in enduring calamities.

Chapter 20

About the same time, P. Crassus, when he had arrived in Aquitania
(which, as has been before said, both from its extent of territory
and the great number of its people, is to be reckoned a third part
of Gaul,) understanding that he was to wage war in these parts, where
a few years before, L. Valerius Praeconinus, the lieutenant had been
killed, and his army routed, and from which L. Manilius, the proconsul,
had fled with the loss of his baggage, he perceived that no ordinary
care must be used by him. Wherefore, having provided corn, procured
auxiliaries and cavalry, [and] having summoned by name many valiant
men from Tolosa, Carcaso, and Narbo, which are the states of the province
of Gaul, that border on these regions [Aquitania], he led his army
into the territories of the Sotiates. On his arrival being known,
the Sotiates having brought together great forces and [much] cavalry,
in which their strength principally lay, and assailing our army on
the march, engaged first in a cavalry action, then when their cavalry
was routed, and our men pursuing, they suddenly display their infantry
forces, which they had placed in ambuscade in a valley. These attacked
our men [while] disordered, and renewed the fight.

Chapter 21

The battle was long and vigorously contested, since the Sotiates,
relying on their former victories, imagined that the safety of the
whole of Aquitania rested on their valor; [and] our men, on the other
hand, desired it might be seen what they could accomplish without
their general and without the other legions, under a very young commander;
at length the enemy, worn out with wounds, began to turn their backs,
and a great number of them being slain, Crassus began to besiege the
[principal] town of the Sotiates on his march. Upon their valiantly
resisting, he raised vineae and turrets. They at one time attempting
a sally, at another forming mines, to our rampart and vineae (at which
the Aquitani are eminently skilled, because in many places among them
there are copper mines); when they perceived that nothing could be
gained by these operations through the perseverance of our men, they
send embassadors to Crassus, and entreat him to admit them to a surrender.
Having obtained it, they, being ordered to deliver up their arms,
comply.

Chapter 22

And while the attention of our men is engaged in that matter, in another
part Adcantuannus, who held the chief command, with 600 devoted followers
whom they call soldurii (the conditions of whose association are these,
- that they enjoy all the conveniences of life with those to whose
friendship they have devoted themselves: if any thing calamitous happen
to them, either they endure the same destiny together with them, or
commit suicide: nor hitherto, in the, memory of men, has there been
found any one who, upon his being slain to whose friendship he had
devoted himself, refused to die); Adcantuannus, [Isay] endeavoring
to make a sally with these, when our soldiers had rushed together
to arms, upon a shout being raised at that part of the, fortification,
and a fierce battle had been fought there, was driven back into the
town, yet he obtained from Crassus [the indulgence] that he should
enjoy the same terms of surrender [as the other inhabitants].

Chapter 23

Crassus, having received their arms and hostages, marched into the
territories of the Vocates and the Tarusates. But then, the barbarians
being alarmed, because they had heard that a town fortified by the
nature of the place and by art, had been taken by us in a few days
after our arrival there, began to send embassadors into all quarters,
to combine, to give hostages one to another, to raise troops. Embassadors
also are sent to those states of Hither Spain which are nearest to
Aquitania, and auxiliaries and leaders are summoned from them; on
whose arrival they proceed to carry on the war with great confidence,
and with a great host of men. They who had been with Q. Sertorius
the whole period [of his war in Spain] and were supposed to have very
great skill in military matters, are chosen leaders. These, adopting
the practice of the Roman people, begin to select [advantageous] places,
to fortify their camp, to cut off our men from provisions, which,
when Crassus observes, [and likewise] that his forces, on account
of their small number could not safely be separated; that the enemy
both made excursions and beset the passes, and [yet] left sufficient
guard for their camp; that on that account, corn and provision could
not very conveniently be brought up to him, and that the number of
the enemy was daily increased, he thought that he ought not to delay
in giving battle. This matter being brought to a council, when he
discovered that all thought the same thing, he appointed the next
day for the fight.

Chapter 24

Having drawn out all his forces at the break of day, and marshaled
them in a double line, he posted the auxiliaries in the center, and
waited to see what measures the enemy would take. They, although on
account of their great number and their ancient renown in war, and
the small number of our men, they supposed they might safely fight,
nevertheless considered it safer to gain the victory without any wound,
by besetting the passes [and] cutting off the provisions: and if the
Romans, on account of the want of corn, should begin to retreat, they
intended to attack them while encumbered in their march and depressed
in spirit [as being assailed while] under baggage. This measure being
approved of by the leaders and the forces of the Romans drawn out,
the enemy [still] kept themselves in their camp. Crassus having remarked
this circumstance, since the enemy, intimidated by their own delay,
and by the reputation [i.e. for cowardice arising thence] had rendered
our soldiers more eager for fighting, and the remarks of all were
heard [declaring] that no longer ought delay to be made in going to
the camp, after encouraging his men, he marches to the camp of the
enemy, to the great gratification of his own troops.)

Chapter 25

There, while some were filling up the ditch, and others, by throwing
a large number of darts, were driving the defenders from the rampart
and fortifications, and the auxiliaries, on whom Crassus did not much
rely in the battle, by supplying stones and weapons [to the soldiers],
and by conveying turf to the mound, presented the appearance and character
of men engaged in fighting; while also the enemy were fighting resolutely
and boldly, and their weapons, discharged from their higher position,
fell with great effect; the horse, having gone round the camp of the
enemy, reported to Crassus that the camp was not fortified with equal
care on the side of the Decuman gate, and had an easy approach.

Chapter 26

Crassus, having exhorted the commanders of the horse to animate their
men by great rewards and promises, points out to them what he wished
to have done. They, as they had been commanded, having brought out
the four cohorts, which, as they had been left as a guard for the
camp, were not fatigued by exertion, and having led them round by
a some what longer way, lest they could be seen from the camp of the
enemy, when the eyes and minds of all were intent upon the battle,
quickly arrived at those fortifications which we have spoken of, and,
having demolished these, stood in the camp of the enemy before they
were seen by them, or it was known what was going on. And then, a
shout being heard in that quarter, our men, their strength having
been recruited, (which usually occurs on the hope of victory), began
to fight more vigorously. The enemy surrounded on all sides, [and]
all their affairs being despaired of, made great attempts to cast
themselves down over the ramparts and to seek safety in flight. These
the cavalry pursued over the very open plains, and after leaving scarcely
a fourth part out of the number of 50,000, which it was certain had
assembled out of Aquitania and from the Cantabri, returned late at
night to the camp.

Chapter 27

Having heard of this battle, the greatest part of Aquitania surrendered
itself to Crassus, and of its own accord sent hostages, in which number
were the Tarbelli, the Bigerriones, the Preciani, the Vocasates, the
Tarusates, the Elurates, the Garites, the Ausci, the Garumni, the
Sibuzates, the Cocosates. A few [and those] most remote nations, relying
on the time of the year, because winter was at hand, neglected to
do this.

Chapter 28

About the same time Caesar, although the summer was nearly past, yet,
since, all Gaul being reduced, the Morini and the Menapii alone remained
in arms, and had never sent embassadors to him [to make a treaty]
of peace, speedily led his army thither, thinking that that war might
soon be terminated. They resolved to conduct the war on a very different
method from the rest of the Gauls; for as they perceived that the
greatest nations [of Gaul] who had engaged in war, had been routed
and overcome, and as they possessed continuous ranges of forests and
morasses, they removed themselves and all their property thither.
When Caesar had arrived at the opening of these forests, and had began
to fortify his camp, and no enemy was in the mean time seen, while
our men were dispersed on their respective duties, they suddenly rushed
out from all parts of the forest, and made an attack on our men. The
latter quickly took up arms and drove them back again to their forests;
and having killed a great many, lost a few of their own men while
pursuing them too far through those intricate places.

Chapter 29

During the remaining days after this, Caesar began to cut down the
forests; and that no attack might be made on the flank of the soldiers,
while unarmed and not foreseeing it, he placed together (opposite
to the enemy) all that timber which was cut down, and piled it up
as a rampart on either flank. When a great space had been, with incredible
speed, cleared in a few days, when the cattle [of the enemy] and the
rear of their baggage train were already seized by our men, and they
themselves were seeking for the thickest parts of the forests, storms
of such a kind came on that the work was necessarily suspended, and,
through the continuance of the rains, the soldiers could not any longer
remain in their tents. Therefore, having laid waste all their country,
[and] having burned their villages and houses, Caesar led back his
army and stationed them in winter quarters among the Aulerci and Lexovii,
and the other states which had made war upon him last.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

BOOK 4

Chapter 1

The following winter (this was the year in which Cn. Pompey and M.
Crassus were consuls), those Germans [called] the Usipetes, and likewise
the Tenchtheri, with a great number of men, crossed the Rhine, not
far from the place at which that river discharges itself into the
sea. The motive for crossing [that river] was, that having been for
several years harassed by the Suevi, they were constantly engaged
in war, and hindered from the pursuits of agriculture. The nation
of the Suevi is by far the largest and the most warlike nation of
all the Germans. They are said to possess a hundred cantons, from
each of which they yearly send from their territories for the purpose
of war a thousand armed men: the others who remain at home, maintain
[both] themselves and those-engaged in the expedition. The latter
again, in their turn, are in arms the year after: the former remain
at home. Thus neither husbandry, nor the art and practice of war are
neglected. But among them there exists no private and separate land;
nor are they permitted to remain more than one year in one place for
the purpose of residence. They do not live much on corn, but subsist
for the most part on milk and flesh, and are much [engaged] in hunting;
which circumstance must, by the nature of their food, and by their
daily exercise and the freedom of their life (for having from boyhood
been accustomed to no employment, or discipline, they do nothing at
all contrary to their inclination), both promote their strength and
render them men of vast stature of body. And to such a habit have
they brought themselves, that even in the coldest parts they wear
no clothing whatever except skins, by reason of the scantiness of
which, a great portion of their body is bare, and besides they bathe
in open rivers.

Chapter 2

Merchants have access to them rather that they may have persons to
whom they may sell those things which they have taken in war, than
because they need any commodity to be imported to them. Moreover,
even as to laboring cattle, in which the Gauls take the greatest pleasure,
and which they procure at a great price, the Germans do not employ
such as are imported, but those poor and ill-shaped animals, which
belong to their country; these, however, they render capable of the
greatest labor by daily exercise. In cavalry actions they frequently
leap from their horses and fight on foot; and train their horses to
stand still in the very spot on which they leave them, to which they
retreat with great activity when there is occasion; nor, according
to their practice, is any thing regarded as more unseemly, or more
unmanly, than to use housings. Accordingly, they have the courage,
though they be themselves but few, to advance against any number whatever
of horse mounted with housings. They on no account permit wine to
be imported to them, because they consider that men degenerate in
their powers of enduring fatigue, and are rendered effeminate by that
commodity.

Chapter 3

They esteem it their greatest praise as a nation, that the lands about
their territories lie unoccupied to a very great extent, inasmuch
as [they think] that by this circumstance is indicated, that a great
number of nations can not withstand their power; and thus on one side
of the Suevi the lands are said to lie desolate for about six hundred
miles. On the other side they border on the Ubii, whose state was
large and flourishing, considering the condition of the Germans, and
who are somewhat more refined than those of the same race and the
rest [of the Germans], and that because they border on the Rhine,
and are much resorted to by merchants, and are accustomed to the manners
of the Gauls, by reason of their approximity to them. Though the Suevi,
after making the attempt frequently and in several wars, could not
expel this nation from their territories, on account of the extent
and population of their state, yet they made them tributaries, and
rendered them less distinguished and powerful [than they had ever
been].

Chapter 4

In the same condition were the Usipetes and the Tenchtheri (whom we
have mentioned above), who, for many years, resisted the power of
the Suevi, but being at last driven from their possessions, and having
wandered through many parts of Germany, came to the Rhine, to districts
which the Menapii inhabited, and where they had lands, houses, and
villages on either side of the river. The latter people, alarmed by
the arrival of so great a multitude, removed from those houses which
they had on the other side of the river, and having placed guards
on this side the Rhine, proceeded to hinder the Germans from crossing.
They, finding themselves, after they had tried all means, unable either
to force a passage on account of their deficiency in shipping, or
cross by stealth on account of the guards of the Menapii, pretended
to return to their own settlements and districts; and, after having
proceeded three days' march, returned; and their cavalry having performed
the whole of this journey in one night, cut off the Menapii, who were
ignorant of, and did not expect [their approach, and] who, having
moreover been informed of the departure of the Germans by their scouts,
had, without apprehension, returned to their villages beyond the Rhine.
Having slain these, and seized their ships, they crossed the river
before that part of the Menapii, who were at peace in their settlements
over the Rhine, were apprized of [their intention]; and seizing all
their houses, maintained themselves upon their provisions during the
rest of the winter.

Chapter 5

Caesar, when informed of these matters, fearing the fickle disposition
of the Gauls, who are easily prompted to take up resolutions, and
much addicted to change, considered that nothing was to be intrusted
to them; for it is the custom of that people to compel travelers to
stop, even against their inclination, and inquire what they may have
heard, or may know, respecting any matter; and in towns the common
people throng around merchants and force them to state from what countries
they come, and what affairs they know of there. They often engage
in resolutions concerning the most important matters, induced by these
reports and stories alone; of which they must necessarily instantly
repent, since they yield to mere unauthorized reports; and since most
people give to their questions answers framed agreeably to their wishes.

Chapter 6

Caesar, being aware of their custom, in order that he might not encounter
a more formidable war, sets forward to the army earlier in the year
than he was accustomed to do. When he had arrived there, he discovered
that those things, which he had suspected would occur, had taken place;
that embassies had been sent to the Germans by some of the states,
and that they had been entreated to leave the Rhine, and had been
promised that all things which they desired should be provided by
the Gauls. Allured by this hope, the Germans were then making excursions
to greater distances, and had advanced to the territories of the Eburones
and the Condrusi, who are under the protection of the Treviri. After
summoning the chiefs of Gaul, Caesar thought proper to pretend ignorance
of the things which he had discovered; and having conciliated and
confirmed their minds, and ordered some cavalry to be raised, resolved
to make war against the Germans.

Chapter 7

Having provided corn and selected his cavalry, he began to direct
his march toward those parts in which he heard the Germans were. When
he was distant from them only a few days' march, embassadors came
to him from their state, whose speech was as follows: "That the Germans
neither make war upon the Roman people first, nor do they decline,
if they are provoked, to engage with them in arms; for that this was
the custom of the Germans handed down to them from their forefathers,
- to resist whatsoever people make war upon them and not to avert
it by entreaty; this, however, they confessed, - that they had come
hither reluctantly, having been expelled from their country. If the
Romans were disposed to accept their friendship, they might be serviceable
allies to them; and let them either assign them lands, or permit them
to retain those which they had acquired by their arms; that they are
inferior to the Suevi alone, to whom not even the immortal gods can
show themselves equal; that there was none at all besides on earth
whom they could not conquer."

Chapter 8

To these remarks Caesar replied in such terms as he thought proper;
but the conclusion of his speech was, "That he could make no alliance
with them, if they continued in Gaul; that it was not probable that
they who were not able to defend their own territories, should get
possession of those of others, nor were there any lands lying waste
in Gaul, which could be given away, especially to so great a number
of men, without doing wrong [to others]; but they might, if they were
desirous, settle in the territories of the Ubii; whose embassadors
were then with him, and were complaining of the aggressions of the
Suevi, and requesting assistance from him; and that he would obtain
this request from them."

Chapter 9

The embassadors said that they would report these things to their
country men; and, after having deliberated on the matter, would return
to Caesar after the third day, they begged that he would not in the
mean time advance his camp nearer to them. Caesar said that he could
not grant them even that; for he had learned that they had sent a
great part of their cavalry over the Meuse to the Ambivariti, some
days before, for the purpose of plundering and procuring forage. He
supposed that they were then waiting for these horse, and that the
delay was caused on this account.

Chapter 10

The Meuse rises from mount Le Vosge, which is in the territories of
the Lingones; and, having received a branch of the Rhine, which is
called the Waal, forms the island of the Batavi, and not more than
eighty miles from it it falls into the ocean. But the Rhine takes
its source among the Lepontii, who inhabit the Alps, and is carried
with a rapid current for a long distance through the territories of
the Sarunates, Helvetii, Sequani, Mediomatrici, Tribuci, and Treviri,
and when it approaches the ocean, divides into several branches; and,
having formed many and extensive islands, a great part of which are
inhabited by savage and barbarous nations (of whom there are some
who are supposed to live on fish and the eggs of sea-fowl), flows
into the ocean by several mouths.

Chapter 11

When Caesar was not more than twelve miles distant from the enemy,
the embassadors return to him, as had been arranged; who meeting him
on the march, earnestly entreated him not to advance any further.
When they could not obtain this, they begged him to send on a dispatch
to those who had marched in advance of the main army, and forbid them
to engage; and grant them permission to send embassadors to the Ubii,
and if the princes and senate of the latter would give them security
by oath, they assured Caesar that they would accept such conditions
as might be proposed by him; and requested that he would give them
the space of three days for negociating these affairs. Caesar thought
that these things tended to the self-same point [as their other proposal];
[namely] that, in consequence of a delay of three days intervening,
their horse, which were at a distance, might return; however, he said,
that he would not that day advance further than four miles for the
purpose of procuring water; he ordered that they should assemble at
that place in as large a number as possible, the following day, that
he might inquire into their demands. In the mean time he sends messengers
to the officers who had marched in advance with all the cavalry, to
order them not to provoke the enemy to an engagement, and if they
themselves were assailed, to sustain the attack until he came up with
the army.

Chapter 12

But the enemy, as soon as they saw our horse, the number of which
was 5000, whereas they themselves had not more than 800 horse, because
those which had gone over the Meuse for the purpose of foraging had
not returned, while our men had no apprehensions, because their embassadors
had gone away from Caesar a little before, and that day had been requested
by them as a period of truce, made an onset on our men, and soon threw
them into disorder. When our men, in their turn, made a stand, they,
according to their practice, leaped from their horses to their feet,
and stabbing our horses in the belly and overthrowing a great many
of our men, put the rest to flight, and drove them forward so much
alarmed that they did not desist from their retreat till they had
come in sight of our army. In that encounter seventy-four of our horse
were slain; among them, Piso, an Aquitanian, a most valiant man, and
descended from a very illustrious family; whose grandfather had held
the sovereignty of his state, and had been styled friend by our senate.
He, while he was endeavoring to render assistance to his brother who
was surrounded by the enemy, and whom he rescued from danger, was
himself thrown from his horse, which was wounded under him, but still
opposed [his antagonists] with the greatest intrepidity, as long as
he was able to maintain the conflict. When at length he fell, surrounded
on all sides and after receiving many wounds, and his brother, who
had then retired from the fight, observed it from a distance, he spurred
on his horse, threw himself upon the enemy, and was killed.

Chapter 13

After this engagement, Caesar considered that neither ought embassadors
to be received to audience, nor conditions be accepted by him from
those who, after having sued for peace by way of stratagem and treachery,
had made war without provocation. And to wait until the enemy's forces
were augmented and their cavalry had returned, he concluded, would
be the greatest madness; and knowing the fickleness of the Gauls,
he felt how much influence the enemy had already acquired among them
by this one skirmish. He [therefore] deemed that no time for concerting
measures ought to be afforded them. After having resolved on those
things and communicated his plans to his lieutenants and quaestor
in order that he might not suffer any opportunity for engaging to
escape him, a very seasonable event occurred, namely, that on the
morning of the next day, a large body of Germans, consisting of their
princes and old men, came to the camp to him to practice the same
treachery and dissimulation; but, as they asserted, for the purpose
of acquitting themselves for having engaged in a skirmish the day
before, contrary to what had been agreed and to what indeed, they
themselves had requested; and also if they could by any means obtain
a truce by deceiving him. Caesar, rejoicing that they had fallen into
his power, ordered them to be detained. He then drew all his forces
out of the camp, and commanded the cavalry, because he thought they
were intimidated by the late skirmish, to follow in the rear.

Chapter 14

Having marshalled his army in three lines, and in a short time performed
a march of eight miles, he arrived at the camp of the enemy before
the Germans could perceive what was going on; who being suddenly alarmed
by all the circumstances, both by the speediness of our arrival and
the absence of their own officers, as time was afforded neither for
concerting measures nor for seizing their arms, are perplexed as to
whether it would be better to lead out their forces against the enemy,
or to defend their camp, or seek their safety by flight. Their consternation
being made apparent by their noise and tumult, our soldiers, excited
by the treachery of the preceding day, rushed into the camp: such
of them as could readily get their arms, for a short time withstood
our men, and gave battle among their carts and baggage wagons; but
the rest of the people, [consisting] of boys and women (for they had
left their country and crossed the Rhine with all their families)
began to fly in all directions; in pursuit of whom Caesar sent the
cavalry.

Chapter 15

The Germans when, upon hearing a noise behind them, [they looked and]
saw that their families were being slain, throwing away their arms
and abandoning their standards, fled out of the camp, and when they
had arrived at the confluence of the Meuse and the Rhine, the survivors
despairing of further escape, as a great number of their countrymen
had been killed, threw themselves into the river and there perished,
overcome by fear, fatigue, and the violence of the stream. Our soldiers,
after the alarm of so great a war, for the number of the enemy amounted
to 430,000, returned to their camp, all safe to a man, very few being
even wounded. Caesar granted those whom he had detained in the camp
liberty of departing. They however, dreading revenge and torture from
the Gauls, whose lands they had harassed, said that they desired to
remain with him. Caesar granted them permission.

Chapter 16

The German war being finished, Caesar thought it expedient for him
to cross the Rhine, for many reasons; of which this was the most weighty,
that, since he saw the Germans were so easily urged to go into Gaul,
he desired they should have their fears for their own territories,
when they discovered that the army of the Roman people both could
and dared pass the Rhine. There was added also, that portion of the
cavalry of the Usipetes and the Tenchtheri, which I have above related
to have crossed the Meuse for the purpose of plundering and procuring
forage, and was not present at the engagement, had betaken themselves,
after the retreat of their countrymen, across the Rhine into the territories
of the Sigambri, and united themselves to them. When Caesar sent embassadors
to them, to demand that they should give up to him those who had made
war against him and against Gaul, they replied, "That the Rhine bounded
the empire of the Roman people; if he did not think it just for the
Germans to pass over into Gaul against his consent, why did he claim
that any thing beyond the Rhine should be subject to his dominion
or power?" The Ubii, also, who alone, out of all the nations lying
beyond the Rhine, had sent embassadors to Caesar, and formed an alliance
and given hostages, earnestly entreated "that he would bring them
assistance, because they were grievously oppressed by the Suevi; or,
if he was prevented from doing so by the business of the commonwealth,
he would at least transport his army over the Rhine; that that would
be sufficient for their present assistance and their hope for the
future; that so great was the name and the reputation of his army,
even among the most remote nations of the Germans, arising from the
defeat of Ariovistus and this last battle which was fought, that they
might be safe under the fame and friendship of the Roman people."
They promised a large number of ships for transporting the army.

Chapter 17

Caesar, for those reasons which I have mentioned, had resolved to
cross the Rhine; but to cross by ships he neither deemed to be sufficiently
safe, nor considered consistent with his own dignity or that of the
Roman people. Therefore, although the greatest difficulty in forming
a bridge was presented to him, on account of the breadth, rapidity,
and depth of the river, he nevertheless considered that it ought to
be attempted by him, or that his army ought not otherwise to be led
over. He devised this plan of a bridge. He joined together at the
distance of two feet, two piles, each a foot and a half thick, sharpened
a little at the lower end, and proportioned in length, to the depth
of the river. After he had, by means of engines, sunk these into the
river, and fixed them at the bottom, and then driven them in with
rammers, not quite perpendicularly, dike a stake, but bending forward
and sloping, so as to incline in the direction of the current of the
river; he also placed two [other piles] opposite to these, at the
distance of forty feet lower down, fastened together in the same manner,
but directed against the force and current of the river. Both these,
moreover, were kept firmly apart by beams two feet thick (the space
which the binding of the piles occupied), laid in at their extremities
between two braces on each side, and in consequence of these being
in different directions and fastened on sides the one opposite to
the other, so great was the strength of the work, and such the arrangement
of the materials, that in proportion as the greater body of water
dashed against the bridge, so much the closer were its parts held
fastened together. These beams were bound together by timber laid
over them, in the direction of the length of the bridge, and were
[then] covered over with laths and hurdles; and in addition to this,
piles were driven into the water obliquely, at the lower side of the
bridge, and these, serving as buttresses, and being connected with
every portion of the work, sustained the force of the stream: and
there were others also above the bridge, at a moderate distance; that
if trunks of trees or vessels were floated down the river by the barbarians
for the purpose of destroying the work, the violence of such things
might be diminished by these defenses, and might not injure the bridge.

Chapter 18

Within ten days after the timber began to be collected, the whole
work was completed, and the whole army led over. Caesar, leaving a
strong guard at each end of the bridge, hastens into the territories
of the Sigambri. In the mean time, embassadors from several nations
come to him, whom, on their suing for peace and alliance, he answers
in a courteous manner, and orders hostages to be brought to him. But
the Sigambri, at the very time the bridge was begun to be built, made
preparations for a flight (by the advice of such of the Tenchtheri
and Usipetes as they had among them), and quitted their territories,
and conveyed away all their possessions, and concealed themselves
in deserts and woods.

Chapter 19

Caesar, having remained in their territories a few days, and burned
all their villages and houses, and cut down their corn, proceeded
into the territories of the Ubii; and having promised them his assistance,
if they were ever harassed by the Suevi, he learned from them these
particulars: that the Suevi, after they had by means of their scouts
found that the bridge was being built, had called a council, according
to their custom, and sent orders to all parts of their state to remove
from the towns and convey their children, wives, and all their possessions
into the woods, and that all who could bear arms should assemble in
one place; that the place thus chosen was nearly the centre of those
regions which the Suevi possessed; that in this spot they had resolved
to await the arrival of the Romans, and give them battle there. When
Caesar discovered this, having already accomplished all these things
on account of which he had resolved to lead his army over, namely,
to strike fear into the Germans, take vengeance on the Sigambri, and
free the Ubii from the invasion of the Suevi, having spent altogether
eighteen days beyond the Rhine, and thinking he had advanced far enough
to serve both honor and interest, he returned into Gaul, and cut down
the bridge.

Chapter 20

During the short part of summer which remained, Caesar, although in
these countries, as all Gaul lies toward the north, the winters are
early, nevertheless resolved to proceed into Britain, because he discovered
that in almost all the wars with the Gauls succors had been furnished
to our enemy from that country; and even if the time of year should
be insufficient for carrying on the war, yet he thought it would be
of great service to him if he only entered the island, and saw into
the character of the people, and got knowledge of their localities,
harbors, and landing-places, all which were for the most part unknown
to the Gauls. For neither does any one except merchants generally
go thither, nor even to them was any portion of it known, except the
sea-coast and those parts which are opposite to Gaul. Therefore, after
having called up to him the merchants from all parts, he could learn
neither what was the size of the island, nor what or how numerous
were the nations which inhabited it, nor what system of war they followed,
nor what customs they used, nor what harbors were convenient for a
great number of large ships.

Chapter 21

He sends before him Caius Volusenus with a ship of war, to acquire
a knowledge of these particulars before he in person should make a
descent into the island, as he was convinced that this was a judicious
measure. He commissioned him to thoroughly examine into all matters,
and then return to him as soon as possible. He himself proceeds to
the Morini with all his forces. He orders ships from all parts of
the neighboring countries, and the fleet which the preceding summer
he had built for the war with the Veneti, to assemble in this place.
In the mean time, his purpose having been discovered, and reported
to the Britons by merchants, embassadors come to him from several
states of the island, to promise that they will give hostages, and
submit to the government of the Roman people. Having given them an
audience, he after promising liberally, and exhorting them to continue
in that purpose, sends them back to their own country, and [dispatches]
with them Commius, whom, upon subduing the Atrebates, he had created
king there, a man whose courage and conduct he esteemed, and who he
thought would be faithful to him, and whose influence ranked highly
in those countries. He orders him to visit as many states as he could,
and persuade them to embrace the protection of the Roman people, and
apprize them that he would shortly come thither. Volusenus, having
viewed the localities as far as means could be afforded one who dared
not leave his ship and trust himself to barbarians, returns to Caesar
on the fifth day, and reports what he had there observed.

Chapter 22

While Caesar remains in these parts for the purpose of procuring ships,
embassadors come to him from a great portion of the Morini, to plead
their excuse respecting their conduct on the late occasion; alleging
that it was as men uncivilized, and as those who were unacquainted
with our custom, that they had made war upon the Roman people, and
promising to perform what he should command. Caesar, thinking that
this had happened fortunately enough for him, because he neither wished
to leave an enemy behind him, nor had an opportunity for carrying
on a war, by reason of the time of year, nor considered that employment
in such trifling matters was to be preferred to his enterprise on
Britain, imposes a large number of hostages; and when these were brought,
he received them to his protection. Having collected together, and
provided about eighty transport ships, as many as he thought necessary
for conveying over two legions, he assigned such [ships] of war as
he had besides to the quaestor, his lieutenants, and officers of cavalry.
There were in addition to these eighteen ships of burden which were
prevented, eight miles from that place, by winds, from being able
to reach the same port. These he distributed among the horse; the
rest of the army, he delivered to Q. Titurius Sabinus and L. Aurunculeius
Cotta, his lieutenants, to lead into the territories of the Menapii
and those cantons of the Morini from which embassadors had not come
to him. He ordered P. Sulpicius Rufus, his lieutenant, to hold possession
of the harbor, with such a garrison as he thought sufficient.

Chapter 23

These matters being arranged, finding the weather favorable for his
voyage, he set sail about the third watch, and ordered the horse to
march forward to the further port, and there embark and follow him.
As this was performed rather tardily by them, he himself reached Britain
with the first squadron of ships, about the fourth hour of the day,
and there saw the forces of the enemy drawn up in arms on all the
hills. The nature of the place was this: the sea was confined by mountains
so close to it that a dart could be thrown from their summit upon
the shore. Considering this by no means a fit place for disembarking,
he remained at anchor till the ninth hour, for the other ships to
arrive there. Having in the mean time assembled the lieutenants and
military tribunes, he told them both what he had learned from Volusenus,
and what he wished to be done; and enjoined them (as the principle
of military matters, and especially as maritime affairs, which have
a precipitate and uncertain action, required) that all things should
be performed by them at a nod and at the instant. Having dismissed
them, meeting both with wind and tide favorable at the same time,
the signal being given and the anchor weighed, he advanced about seven
miles from that place, and stationed his fleet over against an open
and level shore.

Chapter 24

But the barbarians, upon perceiving the design of the Romans, sent
forward their cavalry and charioteers, a class of warriors of whom
it is their practice to make great use in their battles, and following
with the rest of their forces, endeavored to prevent our men landing.
In this was the greatest difficulty, for the following reasons, namely,
because our ships, on account of their great size, could be stationed
only in deep water; and our soldiers, in places unknown to them, with
their hands embarrassed, oppressed with a large and heavy weight of
armor, had at the same time to leap from the ships, stand amid the
waves, and encounter the enemy; whereas they, either on dry ground,
or advancing a little way into the water, free in all their limbs
in places thoroughly known to them, could confidently throw their
weapons and spur on their horses, which were accustomed to this kind
of service. Dismayed by these circumstances and altogether untrained
in this mode of battle, our men did not all exert the same vigor and
eagerness which they had been wont to exert in engagements on dry
ground.

Chapter 25

When Caesar observed this, he ordered the ships of war, the appearance
of which was somewhat strange to the barbarians and the motion more
ready for service, to be withdrawn a little from the transport vessels,
and to be propelled by their oars, and be stationed toward the open
flank of the enemy, and the enemy to be beaten off and driven away,
with slings, arrows, and engines: which plan was of great service
to our men; for the barbarians being startled by the form of our ships
and the motions of our oars and the nature of our engines, which was
strange to them, stopped, and shortly after retreated a little. And
while our men were hesitating [whether they should advance to the
shore], chiefly on account of the depth of the sea, he who carried
the eagle of the tenth legion, after supplicating the gods that the
matter might turn out favorably to the legion, exclaimed, "Leap, fellow
soldiers, unless you wish to betray your eagle to the enemy. I, for
my part, will perform my duty to the commonwealth and my general."
When he had said this with a loud voice, he leaped from the ship and
proceeded to bear the eagle toward the enemy. Then our men, exhorting
one another that so great a disgrace should not be incurred, all leaped
from the ship. When those in the nearest vessels saw them, they speedily
followed and approached the enemy.

Chapter 26

The battle was maintained vigorously on both sides. Our men, however,
as they could neither keep their ranks, nor get firm footing, nor
follow their standards, and as one from one ship and another from
another assembled around whatever standards they met, were thrown
into great confusion. But the enemy, who were acquainted with all
the shallows, when from the shore they saw any coming from a ship
one by one, spurred on their horses, and attacked them while embarrassed;
many surrounded a few, others threw their weapons upon our collected
forces on their exposed flank. When Caesar observed this, he ordered
the boats of the ships of war and the spy sloops to be filled with
soldiers, and sent them up to the succor of those whom he had observed
in distress. Our men, as soon as they made good their footing on dry
ground, and all their comrades had joined them, made an attack upon
the enemy, and put them to flight, but could not pursue them very
far, because the horse had not been able to maintain their course
at sea and reach the island. This alone was wanting to Caesar's accustomed
success.

Chapter 27

The enemy being thus vanquished in battle, as soon as they recovered
after their flight, instantly sent embassadors to Caesar to negotiate
about peace. They promised to give hostages and perform what he should
command. Together with these embassadors came Commius the Altrebatian,
who, as I have above said, had been sent by Caesar into Britain. Him
they had seized upon when leaving his ship, although in the character
of embassador he bore the general's commission to them, and thrown
into chains: then after the battle was fought, they sent him back,
and in suing for peace cast the blame of that act upon the common
people, and entreated that it might be pardoned on account of their
indiscretion. Caesar, complaining, that after they had sued for peace,
and had voluntarily sent embassadors into the continent for that purpose,
they had made war without a reason, said that he would pardon their
indiscretion, and imposed hostages, a part of whom they gave immediately;
the rest they said they would give in a few days, since they were
sent for from remote places. In the mean time they ordered their people
to return to the country parts, and the chiefs assembled from all
quarter, and proceeded to surrender themselves and their states to
Caesar.

Chapter 28

A peace being established by these proceedings four days after we
had come into Britain, the eighteen ships, to which reference has
been made above, and which conveyed the cavalry, set sail from the
upper port with a gentle gale, when, however, they were approaching
Britain and were seen from the camp, so great a storm suddenly arose
that none of them could maintain their course at sea; and some were
taken back to the same port from which they had started; - others,
to their great danger, were driven to the lower part of the island,
nearer to the west; which, however, after having cast anchor, as they
were getting filled with water, put out to sea through necessity in
a stormy night, and made for the continent.

Chapter 29

It happened that night to be full moon, which usually occasions very
high tides in that ocean; and that circumstance was unknown to our
men. Thus, at the same time, the tide began to fill the ships of war
which Caesar had provided to convey over his army, and which he had
drawn up on the strand; and the storm began to dash the ships of burden
which were riding at anchor against each other; nor was any means
afforded our men of either managing them or of rendering any service.
A great many ships having been wrecked, inasmuch as the rest, having
lost their cables, anchors, and other tackling, were unfit for sailing,
a great confusion, as would necessarily happen, arose throughout the
army; for there were no other ships in which they could be conveyed
back, and all things which are of service in repairing vessels were
wanting, and, corn for the winter had not been provided in those places,
because it was understood by all that they would certainly winter
in Gaul.

Chapter 30

On discovering these things the chiefs of Britain, who had come up
after the battle was fought to perform those conditions which Caesar
had imposed, held a conference, when they perceived that cavalry,
and ships, and corn were wanting to the Romans, and discovered the
small number of our soldiers from the small extent of the camp (which,
too, was on this account more limited than ordinary, because Caesar
had conveyed over his legions without baggage), and thought that the
best plan was to renew the war, and cut off our men from corn and
provisions and protract the affair till winter; because they felt
confident, that, if they were vanquished or cut off from a return,
no one would afterward pass over into Britain for the purpose of making
war. Therefore, again entering into a conspiracy, they began to depart
from the camp by degrees and secretly bring up their people from the
country parts.

Chapter 31

But Caesar, although he had not as yet discovered their measures,
yet, both from what had occurred to his ships, and from the circumstance
that they had neglected to give the promised hostages, suspected that
the thing would come to pass which really did happen. He therefore
provided remedies against all contingencies; for he daily conveyed
corn from the country parts into the camp, used the timber and brass
of such ships as were most seriously damaged for repairing the rest,
and ordered whatever things besides were necessary for this object
to be brought to him from the continent. And thus, since that business
was executed by the soldiers with the greatest energy, he effected
that, after the loss of twelve ships, a voyage could be made well
enough in the rest.

Chapter 32

While these things are being transacted, one legion had been sent
to forage, according to custom, and no suspicion of war had arisen
as yet, and some of the people remained in the country parts, others
went backward and forward to the camp, they who were on duty at the
gates of the camp reported to Caesar that a greater dust than was
usual was seen in that direction in which the legion had marched.
Caesar, suspecting that which was [really the case], - that some new
enterprise was undertaken by the barbarians, ordered the two cohorts
which were on duty, to march into that quarter with him, and two other
cohorts to relieve them on duty; the rest to be armed and follow him
immediately. When he had advanced some little way from the camp, he
saw that his men were overpowered by the enemy and scarcely able to
stand their ground, and that, the legion being crowded together, weapons
were being cast on them from all sides. For as all the corn was reaped
in every part with the exception of one, the enemy, suspecting that
our men would repair to that, had concealed themselves in the woods
during the night. Then attacking them suddenly, scattered as they
were, and when they had laid aside their arms, and were engaged in
reaping, they killed a small number, threw the rest into confusion,
and surrounded them with their cavalry and chariots.

Chapter 33

Their mode of fighting with their chariots is this: firstly, they
drive about in all directions and throw their weapons and generally
break the ranks of the enemy with the very dread of their horses and
the noise of their wheels; and when they have worked themselves in
between the troops of horse, leap from their chariots and engage on
foot. The charioteers in the mean time withdraw some little distance
from the battle, and so place themselves with the chariots that, if
their masters are overpowered by the number of the enemy, they may
have a ready retreat to their own troops. Thus they display in battle
the speed of horse, [together with] the firmness of infantry; and
by daily practice and exercise attain to such expertness that they
are accustomed, even on a declining and steep place, to check their
horses at full speed, and manage and turn them in an instant and run
along the pole, and stand on the yoke, and thence betake themselves
with the greatest celerity to their chariots again.

Chapter 34

Under these circumstances, our men being dismayed by the novelty of
this mode of battle, Caesar most seasonably brought assistance; for
upon his arrival the enemy paused, and our men recovered from their
fear; upon which thinking the time unfavorable for provoking the enemy
and coming to an action, he kept himself in his own quarter, and,
a short time having intervened, drew back the legions into the camp.
While these things are going on, and all our men engaged, the rest
of the Britons, who were in the fields, departed. Storms then set
in for several successive days, which both confined our men to the
camp and hindered the enemy from attacking us. In the mean time the
barbarians dispatched messengers to all parts, and reported to their
people the small number of our soldiers, and how good an opportunity
was given for obtaining spoil and for liberating themselves forever,
if they should only drive the Romans from their camp. Having by these
means speedily got together a large force of infantry and of cavalry
they came up to the camp.

Chapter 35

Although Caesar anticipated that the same thing which had happened
on former occasions would then occur - that, if the enemy were routed,
they would escape from danger by their speed; still, having got about
thirty horse, which Commius the Atrebatian, of whom mention has been
made, had brought over with him [from Gaul], he drew up the legions
in order of battle before the camp. When the action commenced, the
enemy were unable to sustain the attack of our men long, and turned
their backs; our men pursued them as far as their speed and strength
permitted, and slew a great number of them; then, having destroyed
and burned every thing far and wide, they retreated to their camp.

Chapter 36

The same day, embassadors sent by the enemy came to Caesar to negotiate
a peace. Caesar doubled the number of hostages which he had before
demanded; and ordered that they should be brought over to the continent,
because, since the time of the equinox was near, he did not consider
that, with his ships out of repair, the voyage ought to be deferred
till winter. Having met with favorable weather, he set sail a little
after midnight, and all his fleet arrived safe at the continent, except
two of the ships of burden which could not make the same port which
the other ships did, and were carried a little lower down.

Chapter 37

When our soldiers, about 300 in number, had been drawn out of these
two ships, and were marching to the camp, the Morini, whom Caesar,
when setting forth for Britain, had left in a state of peace, excited
by the hope of spoil, at first surrounded them with a small number
of men, and ordered them to lay down their arms, if they did not wish
to be slain; afterward however, when they, forming a circle, stood
on their defense, a shout was raised and about 6000 of the enemy soon
assembled; which being reported, Caesar sent all the cavalry in the
camp as a relief to his men. In the mean time our soldiers sustained
the attack of the enemy, and fought most valiantly for more than four
hours, and, receiving but few wounds themselves, slew several of them.
But after our cavalry came in sight, the enemy, throwing away their
arms, turned their backs, and a great number of them were killed.

Chapter 38

The day following Caesar sent Labienus, his lieutenant, with those
legions which he had brought back from Britain, against the Morini,
who had revolted; who, as they had no place to which they might retreat,
on account of the drying up of their marshes (which they had availed
themselves of as a place of refuge the preceding year), almost all
fell into the power of Labienus. In the mean time Caesar's lieutenants,
Q. Titurius and L. Cotta, who had led the legions into the territories
of the Menapii, having laid waste all their lands, cut down their
corn and burned their houses, returned to Caesar because the Menapii
had all concealed themselves in their thickest woods. Caesar fixed
the winter quarters of all the legions among the Belgae. Thither only
two British states sent hostages; the rest omitted to do so. For these
successes, a thanksgiving of twenty days was decreed by the senate
upon receiving Caesar's letter.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

BOOK 5

Chapter 1

Lucius Domitius and Appius Claudius being consuls, Caesar, when departing
from his winter quarters into Italy, as he had been accustomed to
do yearly, commands the lieutenants whom he appointed over the legions
to take care that during the winter as many ships as possible should
be built, and the old repaired. He plans the size and shape of them.
For dispatch of lading, and for drawing them on shore, he makes them
a little lower than those which we have been accustomed to use in
our sea; and that so much the more, because he knew that, on account
of the frequent changes of the tide, less swells occurred there; for
the purpose of transporting burdens and a great number of horses,
[he makes them] a little broader than those which we use in other
seas. All these he orders to be constructed for lightness and expedition,
to which object their lowness contributes greatly. He orders those
things which are necessary for equipping ships to be brought thither
from Spain. He himself, on the assizes of Hither Gaul being concluded,
proceeds into Illyricum, because he heard that the part of the province
nearest them was being laid waste by the incursions of the Pirustae.
When he had arrived there, he levies soldiers upon the states, and
orders them to assemble at an appointed place. Which circumstance
having been reported [to them], the Pirustae send embassadors to him
to inform him that no part of those proceedings was done by public
deliberation, and assert that they were ready to make compensation
by all means for the injuries [inflicted]. Caesar, accepting their
defense, demands hostages, and orders them to be brought to him on
a specified day, and assures them that unless they did so he would
visit their state with war. These being brought to him on the day
which he had ordered, he appoints arbitrators between the states,
who should estimate the damages and determine the reparation.

Chapter 2

These things being finished, and the assizes being concluded, he returns
into Hither Gaul, and proceeds thence to the army. When he had arrived
there, having made a survey of the winter quarter, he finds that,
by the extraordinary ardor of the soldiers, amid the utmost scarcity
of all materials, about six hundred ships of that kind which we have
described above and twenty-eight ships of war, had been built, and
were not far from that state, that they might be launched in a few
days. Having commended the soldiers and those who had presided over
the work, he informs them what he wishes to be done, and orders all
the ships to assemble at port Itius, from which port he had learned
that the passage into Britain was shortest, [being only] about thirty
miles from the continent. He left what seemed a sufficient number
of soldiers for that design; he himself proceeds into the territories
of the Treviri with four legions without baggage, and 800 horse, because
they neither came to the general diets [of Gaul], nor obeyed his commands,
and were moreover, said to be tampering with the Germans beyond the
Rhine.

Chapter 3

This state is by far the most powerful of all Gaul in cavalry, and
has great forces of infantry, and as we have remarked above, borders
on the Rhine. In that state, two persons, Indutiomarus and Cingetorix,
were then contending with each other for the supreme power; one of
whom, as soon as the arrival of Caesar and his legions was known,
came to him; assures him that he and all his party would continue
in their allegiance, and not revolt from the alliance of the Roman
people, and informs him of the things which were going on among the
Treviri. But Indutiomarus began to collect cavalry and infantry, and
make preparations for war, having concealed those who by reason of
their age could not be under arms, in the forest Arduenna, which is
of immense size, [and] extends from the Rhine across the country of
the Treviri to the frontiers of the Remi. But after that, some of
the chief persons of the state, both influenced by their friendship
for Cingetorix, and alarmed at the arrival of our army, came to Caesar
and began to solicit him privately about their own interests, since
they could not provide for the safety of the state; Indutiomarus,
dreading lest he should be abandoned by all, sends embassadors to
Caesar, to declare that he absented himself from his countrymen, and
refrained from coming to him on this account, that he might the more
easily keep the state in its allegiance, lest on the departure of
all the nobility the commonalty should, in their indiscretion, revolt.
And thus the whole state was at his control; and that he, if Caesar
would permit, would come to the camp to him, and would commit his
own fortunes and those of the state to his good faith.

Chapter 4

Caesar, though he discerned from what motive these things were said,
and what circumstances deterred him from his meditated plan, still,
in order that he might not be compelled to waste the summer among
the Treviri, while all things were prepared for the war with Britain,
ordered Indutiomarus to come to him with 200 hostages. When they were
brought, [and] among them his son and near relations, whom he had
demanded by name, he consoled Indutiomarus, and enjoined him to continue
in his allegiance; yet, nevertheless, summoning to him the chief men
of the Treviri, he reconciled them individually to Cingetorix: this
he both thought should be done by him in justice to the merits of
the latter, and also judged that it was of great importance that the
influence of one whose singular attachment toward him he had fully
seen, should prevail as much as possible among his people. Indutiomarus
was very much offended at this act, [seeing that] his influence was
diminished among his countrymen; and he, who already before had borne
a hostile mind toward us, was much more violently inflamed against
us through resentment at this.

Chapter 5

These matters being settled, Caesar went to port Itius with the legions.
There he discovers that forty ships, which had been built in the country
of the Meldi, having been driven back by a storm, had been unable
to maintain their course, and had returned to the same port from which
they had set out; he finds the rest ready for sailing, and furnished
with every thing. In the same place, the cavalry of the whole of Gaul,
in number 4,000, assembles, and [also] the chief persons of all the
states; he had determined to leave in Gaul a very few of them, whose
fidelity toward him he had clearly discerned, and take the rest with
him as hostages; because he feared a commotion in Gaul when he should
be absent.

Chapter 6

There was together with the others, Dumnorix, the Aeduan, of whom
we have made previous mention. Him, in particular, he had resolved
to have with him, because he had discovered him to be fond of change,
fond of power, possessing great resolution, and great influence among
the Gauls. To this was added, that Dumnorix had before said in an
assembly of Aeduans, that the sovereignty of the state had been made
over to him by Caesar; which speech the Aedui bore with impatience
and yet dared not send embassadors to Caesar for the purpose of either
rejecting or deprecating [that appointment]. That fact Caesar had
learned from his own personal friends. He at first strove to obtain
by every entreaty that he should be left in Gaul; partly, because,
being unaccustomed to sailing, he feared the sea; partly because he
said he was prevented by divine admonitions. After he saw that this
request was firmly refused him, all hope of success being lost, he
began to tamper with the chief persons of the Gauls, to call them
apart singly and exhort them to remain on the continent; to agitate
them with the fear that it was not without reason that Gaul should
be stripped of all her nobility; that it was Caesar's design, to bring
over to Britain and put to death all those whom he feared to slay
in the sight of Gaul, to pledge his honor to the rest, to ask for
their oath that they would by common deliberation execute what they
should perceive to be necessary for Gaul. These things were reported
to Caesar by several persons.

Chapter 7

Having learned this fact, Caesar, because he had conferred so much
honor upon the Aeduan state, determined that Dumnorix should be restrained
and deterred by whatever means he could; and that, because he perceived
his insane designs to be proceeding further and further, care should
be taken lest he might be able to injure him and the commonwealth.
Therefore, having stayed about twenty-five days in that place, because
the north wind, which usually blows a great part of every season,
prevented the voyage, he exerted himself to keep Dumnorix in his allegiance
[and] nevertheless learn all his measures: having at length met with
favorable weather, he orders the foot soldiers and the horse to embark
in the ships. But, while the minds of all were occupied, Dumnorix
began to take his departure from the camp homeward with the cavalry
of the Aedui, Caesar being ignorant of it. Caesar, on this matter
being reported to him, ceasing from his expedition and deferring all
other affairs, sends a great part of the cavalry to pursue him, and
commands that he be brought back; he orders that if he use violence
and do not submit, that he be slain; considering that Dumnorix would
do nothing as a rational man while he himself was absent, since he
had disregarded his command even when present. He, however, when recalled,
began to resist and defend himself with his hand, and implore the
support of his people, often exclaiming that "he was free and the
subject of a free state." They surround and kill the man as they had
been commanded; but the Aeduan horsemen all return to Caesar.

Chapter 8

When these things were done [and] Labienus, left on the continent
with three legions and 2,000 horse, to defend the harbors and provide
corn, and discover what was going on in Gaul, and take measures according
to the occasion and according to the circumstance; he himself, with
five legions and a number of horse, equal to that which he was leaving
on the continent, set sail at sun-set, and [though for a time] borne
forward by a gentle south-west wind, he did not maintain his course,
in consequence of the wind dying away about midnight, and being carried
on too far by the tide, when the sun rose, espied Britain passed on
his left. Then, again, following the change of tide, he urged on with
the oars that he might make that part of the island in which he had
discovered the preceding summer, that there was the best landing-place,
and in this affair the spirit of our soldiers was very much to be
extolled; for they with the transports and heavy ships, the labor
of rowing not being [for a moment] discontinued, equaled the speed
of the ships of war. All the ships reached Britain nearly at mid-day;
nor was there seen a [single] enemy in that place, but, as Caesar
afterward found from some prisoners, though large bodies of troops
had assembled there, yet being alarmed by the great number of our
ships, more than eight hundred of which, including the ships of the
preceding year, and those private vessels which each had built for
his own convenience, had appeared at one time, they had quitted the
coast and concealed themselves among the higher points.

Chapter 9

Caesar, having disembarked his army and chosen a convenient place
for the camp, when he discovered from the prisoners in what part the
forces of the enemy had lodged themselves, having left ten cohorts
and 300 horse at the sea, to be a guard to the ships, hastens to the
enemy, at the third watch, fearing the less for the ships, for this
reason because he was leaving them fastened at anchor upon an even
and open shore; and he placed Q. Atrius over the guard of the ships.
He himself, having advanced by night about twelve miles, espied the
forces of the enemy. They, advancing to the river with their cavalry
and chariots from the higher ground, began to annoy our men and give
battle. Being repulsed by our cavalry, they concealed themselves in
woods, as they had secured a place admirably fortified by nature and
by art, which, as it seemed, they had before prepared on account of
a civil war; for all entrances to it were shut up by a great number
of felled trees. They themselves rushed out of the woods to fight
here and there, and prevented our men from entering their fortifications.
But the soldiers of the seventh legion, having formed a testudo and
thrown up a rampart against the fortification, took the place and
drove them out of the woods, receiving only a few wounds. But Caesar
forbade his men to pursue them in their flight any great distance;
both because he was ignorant of the nature of the ground, and because,
as a great part of the day was spent, he wished time to be left for
the fortification of the camp.

Chapter 10

The next day, early in the morning, he sent both foot-soldiers and
horse in three divisions on an expedition to pursue those who had
fled. These having advanced a little way, when already the rear [of
the enemy] was in sight, some horse came to Caesar from Quintus Atrius,
to report that the preceding night, a very great storm having arisen,
almost all the ships were dashed to pieces and cast upon the shore,
because neither the anchors and cables could resist, nor could the
sailors and pilots sustain the violence of the storm; and thus great
damage was received by that collision of the ships.

Chapter 11

These things being known [to him], Caesar orders the legions and cavalry
to be recalled and to cease from their march; he himself returns to
the ships: he sees clearly before him almost the same things which
he had heard of from the messengers and by letter, so that, about
forty ships being lost, the remainder seemed capable of being repaired
with much labor. Therefore he selects workmen from the legions, and
orders others to be sent for from the continent; he writes to Labienus
to build as many ships as he could with those legions which were with
him. He himself, though the matter was one of great difficulty and
labor, yet thought it to be most expedient for all the ships to be
brought up on shore and joined with the camp by one fortification.
In these matters he employed about ten days, the labor of the soldiers
being unremitting even during the hours of night. The ships having
been brought up on shore and the camp strongly fortified, he left
the same forces as he did before as a guard for the ships; he sets
out in person for the same place that he had returned from. When he
had come thither, greater forces of the Britons had already assembled
at that place, the chief command and management of the war having
been intrusted to Cassivellaunus, whose territories a river, which
is called the Thames, separates, from the maritime states at about
eighty miles from the sea. At an earlier period perpetual wars had
taken place between him and the other states; but, greatly alarmed
by our arrival, the Britons had placed him over the whole war and
the conduct of it.

Chapter 12

The interior portion of Britain is inhabited by those of whom they
say that it is handed down by tradition that they were born in the
island itself: the maritime portion by those who had passed over from
the country of the Belgae for the purpose of plunder and making war;
almost all of whom are called by the names of those states from which
being sprung they went thither, and having waged war, continued there
and began to cultivate the lands. The number of the people is countless,
and their buildings exceedingly numerous, for the most part very like
those of the Gauls: the number of cattle is great. They use either
brass or iron rings, determined at a certain weight, as their money.
Tin is produced in the midland regions; in the maritime, iron; but
the quantity of it is small: they employ brass, which is imported.
There, as in Gaul, is timber of every description, except beech and
fir. They do not regard it lawful to eat the hare, and the cock, and
the goose; they, however, breed them for amusement and pleasure. The
climate is more temperate than in Gaul, the colds being less severe.

Chapter 13

The island is triangular in its form, and one of its sides is opposite
to Gaul. One angle of this side, which is in Kent, whither almost
all ships from Gaul are directed, [looks] to the east; the lower looks
to the south. This side extends about 500 miles. Another side lies
toward Spain and the west, on which part is Ireland, less, as is reckoned,
than Britain, by one half: but the passage [from it] into Britain
is of equal distance with that from Gaul. In the middle of this voyage,
is an island, which is called Mona: many smaller islands besides are
supposed to lie [there], of which islands some have written that at
the time of the winter solstice it is night there for thirty consecutive
days. We, in our inquiries about that matter, ascertained nothing,
except that, by accurate measurements with water, we perceived the
nights to be shorter there than on the continent. The length of this
side, as their account states, is 700 miles. The third side is toward
the north, to which portion of the island no land is opposite; but
an angle of that side looks principally toward Germany. This side
is considered to be 800 miles in length. Thus the whole island is
[about] 2,000 miles in circumference.

Chapter 14

The most civilized of all these nations are they who inhabit Kent,
which is entirely a maritime district, nor do they differ much from
the Gallic customs. Most of the inland inhabitants do not sow corn,
but live on milk and flesh, and are clad with skins. All the Britains,
indeed, dye themselves with wood, which occasions a bluish color,
and thereby have a more terrible appearance in fight. They wear their
hair long, and have every part of their body shaved except their head
and upper lip. Ten and even twelve have wives common to them, and
particularly brothers among brothers, and parents among their children;
but if there be any issue by these wives, they are reputed to be the
children of those by whom respectively each was first espoused when
a virgin.

Chapter 15

The horse and charioteers of the enemy contended vigorously in a skirmish
with our cavalry on the march; yet so that our men were conquerors
in all parts, and drove them to their woods and hills; but, having
slain a great many, they pursued too eagerly, and lost some of their
men. But the enemy, after some time had elapsed, when our men were
off their guard, and occupied in the fortification of the camp, rushed
out of the woods, and making an attack upon those who were placed
on duty before the camp, fought in a determined manner; and two cohorts
being sent by Caesar to their relief, and these severally the first
of two legions, when these had taken up their position at a very small
distance from each other, as our men were disconcerted by the unusual
mode of battle, the enemy broke through the middle of them most courageously,
and retreated thence in safety. That day, Q. Laberius Durus, a tribune
of the soldiers, was slain. The enemy, since more cohorts were sent
against them, were repulsed.

Chapter 16

In the whole of this method of fighting since the engagement took
place under the eyes of all and before the camp, it was perceived
that our men, on account of the weight of their arms, inasmuch as
they could neither pursue [the enemy when] retreating, nor dare quit
their standards, were little suited to this kind of enemy; that the
horse also fought with great danger, because they [the Britons] generally
retreated even designedly, and, when they had drawn off our men a
short distance from the legions, leaped from their chariots and fought
on foot in unequal [and to them advantageous] battle. But the system
of cavalry engagement is wont to produce equal danger, and indeed
the same, both to those who retreat and to those who pursue. To this
was added, that they never fought in close order, but in small parties
and at great distances, and had detachments placed [in different parts],
and then the one relieved the other, and the vigorous and fresh succeeded
the wearied.

Chapter 17

The following day the enemy halted on the hills, a distance from our
camp, and presented themselves in small parties, and began to challenge
our horse to battle with less spirit than the day before. But at noon,
when Caesar had sent three legions, and all the cavalry, with C. Trebonius,
the lieutenant, for the purpose of foraging, they flew upon the foragers
suddenly from all quarters, so that they did not keep off [even] from
the standards and the legions. Our men making an attack on them vigorously,
repulsed them; nor did they cease to pursue them until the horse,
relying on relief, as they saw the legions behind them, drove the
enemy precipitately before them, and slaying a great number of them,
did not give them the opportunity either of rallying, or halting,
or leaping from their chariots. Immediately after this retreat, the
auxiliaries who had assembled from all sides, departed; nor after
that time did the enemy ever engage with us in very large numbers.

Chapter 18

Caesar, discovering their design, leads his army into the territories
of Cassivellaunus to the river Thames; which river can be forded in
one place only and that with difficulty. When he had arrived there,
he perceives that numerous forces of the enemy were marshaled on the
other bank of the river; the bank also was defended by sharp stakes
fixed in front, and stakes of the same kind fixed under the water
were covered by the river. These things being discovered from [some]
prisoners and deserters, Caesar, sending forward the cavalry, ordered
the legions to follow them immediately. But the soldiers advanced
with such speed and such ardor, though they stood above the water
by their heads only, that the enemy could not sustain the attack of
the legions and of the horse, and quitted the banks, and committed
themselves to flight.

Chapter 19

Cassivellaunus, as we have stated above, all hope [rising out] of
battle being laid aside, the greater part of his forces being dismissed,
and about 4,000 charioteers only being left, used to observe our marches
and retire a little from the road, and conceal himself in intricate
and woody places, and in those neighborhoods in which he had discovered
we were about to march, he used to drive the cattle and the inhabitants
from the fields into the woods; and, when our cavalry, for the sake
of plundering and ravaging the more freely, scattered themselves among
the fields, he used to send out charioteers from the woods by all
the well-known roads and paths, and to the great danger of our horse,
engage with them; and this source of fear hindered them from straggling
very extensively. The result was, that Caesar did not allow excursions
to be made to a great distance from the main body of the legions,
and ordered that damage should be done to the enemy in ravaging their
lands, and kindling fires only so far as the legionary soldiers could,
by their own exertion and marching, accomplish it.

Chapter 20

In the mean time, the Trinobantes, almost the most powerful state
of those parts, from which the young man, Mandubratius embracing the
protection of Caesar had come to the continent of Gaul to [meet] him
(whose father, Imanuentius, had possessed the sovereignty in that
state, and had been killed by Cassivellaunus; he himself had escaped
death by flight), send embassadors to Caesar, and promise that they
will surrender themselves to him and perform his commands; they entreat
him to protect Mandubratius from the violence of Cassivellaunus, and
send to their state some one to preside over it, and possess the government.
Caesar demands forty hostages from them, and corn for his army, and
sends Mandubratius to them. They speedily performed the things demanded,
and sent hostages to the number appointed, and the corn.

Chapter 21

The Trinobantes being protected and secured from any violence of the
soldiers, the Cenimagni, the Segontiaci, the Ancalites, the Bibroci,
and the Cassi, sending embassies, surrendered themselves to Caesar.
From them he learns that the capital town of Cassivellaunus was not
far from that place, and was defended by woods and morasses, and a
very large number of men and of cattle had been collected in it. (Now
the Britons, when they have fortified the intricate woods, in which
they are wont to assemble for the purpose of avoiding the incursion
of an enemy, with an intrenchment and a rampart, call them a town.)
Thither he proceeds with his legions: he finds the place admirably
fortified by nature and art; he, however, undertakes to attack it
in two directions. The enemy, having remained only a short time, did
not sustain the attack of our soldiers, and hurried away on the other
side of the town. A great amount of cattle was found there, and many
of the enemy were taken and slain in their flight.

Chapter 22

While these things are going forward in those places, Cassivellaunus
sends messengers into Kent, which, we have observed above, is on the
sea, over which districts four several kings reigned, Cingetorix,
Carvilius, Taximagulus and Segonax, and commands them to collect all
their forces, and unexpectedly assail and storm the naval camp. When
they had come to the camp, our men, after making a sally, slaying
many of their men, and also capturing a distinguished leader named
Lugotorix, brought back their own men in safety. Cassivellaunus, when
this battle was reported to him as so many losses had been sustained,
and his territories laid waste, being alarmed most of all by the desertion
of the states, sends embassadors to Caesar [to treat] about a surrender
through the mediation of Commius the Atrebatian. Caesar, since he
had determined to pass the winter on the continent, on account of
the sudden revolts of Gaul, and as much of the summer did not remain,
and he perceived that even that could be easily protracted, demands
hostages, and prescribes what tribute Britain should pay each year
to the Roman people; he forbids and commands Cassivellaunus that he
wage not war against Mandubratius or the Trinobantes.

Chapter 23

When he had received the hostages, he leads back the army to the sea,
and finds the ships repaired. After launching these, because he had
a large number of prisoners, and some of the ships had been lost in
the storm, he determines to convey back his army at two embarkations.
And it so happened, that out of so large a number of ships, in so
many voyages, neither in this nor in the previous year was any ship
missing which conveyed soldiers; but very few out of those which were
sent back to him from the continent empty, as the soldiers of the
former convoy had been disembarked, and out of those (sixty in number)
which Labienus had taken care to have built, reached their destination;
almost all the rest were driven back, and when Caesar had waited for
them for some time in vain, lest he should be debarred from a voyage
by the season of the year, inasmuch as the equinox was at hand, he
of necessity stowed his soldiers the more closely, and, a very great
calm coming on, after he had weighed anchor at the beginning of the
second watch, he reached land at break of day and brought in all the
ships in safety.

Chapter 24

The ships having been drawn up and a general assembly of the Gauls
held at Samarobriva, because the corn that year had not prospered
in Gaul by reason of the droughts, he was compelled to station his
army in its winter-quarters differently from the former years, and
to distribute the legions among several states: one of them he gave
to C. Fabius, his lieutenant, to be marched into the territories of
the Morini; a second to Q. Cicero, into those of the Nervii; a third
to L. Roscius, into those of the Essui; a fourth he ordered to winter
with T. Labienus among the Remi in the confines of the Treviri; he
stationed three in Belgium; over these he appointed M. Crassus, his
questor, and L. Munatius Plancus and C. Trebonius, his lieutenants.
One legion which he had raised last on the other side of the Po, and
five cohorts, he sent among the Eburones, the greatest portion of
whom lie between the Meuse and the Rhine, [and] who were under the
government of Ambiorix and Cativolcus. He ordered Q. Titurius Sabinus
and L. Aurunculeius Cotta, his lieutenants, to take command of these
soldiers. The legions being distributed in this manner, he thought
he could most easily remedy the scarcity of corn and yet the winter-quarters
of all these legions (except that which he had given to L. Roscius,
to be led into the most peaceful and tranquil neighborhood) were comprehended
within [about] 100 miles. He himself in the mean while, until he had
stationed the legions and knew that the several winter-quarters were
fortified, determined to stay in Gaul.

Chapter 25

There was among the Carnutes a man named Tasgetius, born of very high
rank, whose ancestors had held the sovereignty in his state. To him
Caesar had restored the position of his ancestors, in consideration
of his prowess and attachment toward him, because in all his wars
he had availed himself of his valuable services. His personal enemies
had killed him when in the third year of his reign, many even of his
own state being openly promoters [of that act] This event is related
to Caesar. He fearing, because several were involved in the act, that
the state might revolt at their instigation, orders Lucius Plancus,
with a legion, to proceed quickly from Belgium to the Carnutes, and
winter there, and arrest and send to him the persons by whose instrumentality
he should discover that Tasgetius was slain. In the mean time, he
was apprised by all the lieutenants and questors to whom he had assigned
the legions, that they had arrived in winter-quarters, and that the
place for the quarters was fortified.

Chapter 26

About fifteen days after they had come into winter-quarters, the beginning
of a sudden insurrection and revolt arose from Ambiorix and Cativolcus,
who, though they had met with Sabinus and Cotta at the borders of
their kingdom, and had conveyed corn into our winter-quarters, induced
by the messages of Indutiomarus, one of the Treviri, excited their
people, and after having suddenly assailed the soldiers engaged in
procuring wood, came with a large body to attack the camp. When our
men had speedily taken up arms and had ascended the rampart, and sending
out some Spanish horse on one side, had proved conquerors in a cavalry
action, the enemy, despairing of success, drew off their troops from
the assault. Then they shouted, according to their custom, that some
of our men should go forward to a conference, [alleging] that they
had some things which they desired to say respecting the common interest,
by which they trusted their disputes could be removed.

Chapter 27

C. Arpineius, a Roman knight, the intimate friend of Q. Titurius,
and with him, Q. Junius, a certain person from Spain, who already
on previous occasions, had been accustomed to go to Ambiorix, at Caesar's
mission, is sent to them for the purpose of a conference: before them
Ambiorix spoke to this effect: "That he confessed, that for Caesar's
kindness toward him, he was very much indebted to him, inasmuch as
by his aid he had been freed from a tribute which he had been accustomed
to pay to the Aduatuci, his neighbors; and because his own son and
the son of his brother had been sent back to him, whom, when sent
in the number of hostages, the Aduatuci had detained among them in
slavery and in chains; and that he had not done that which he had
done in regard to the attacking of the camp, either by his own judgment
or desire, but by the compulsion of his state; and that his government
was of that nature, that the people had as much authority over him
as he over the people. To the state moreover the occasion of the war
was this - that it could not withstand the sudden combination of the
Gauls; that he could easily prove this from his own weakness, since
he was not so little versed in affairs as to presume that with his
forces he could conquer the Roman people; but that it was the common
resolution of Gaul; that that day was appointed for the storming of
all Caesar's winter-quarters, in order that no legion should be able
to come to the relief of another legion, that Gauls could not easily
deny Gauls, especially when a measure seemed entered into for recovering
their common freedom. Since he had performed his duty to them on the
score of patriotism [he said], he has now regard to gratitude for
the kindness of Caesar; that he warned, that he prayed Titurius by
the claims of hospitality, to consult for his and his soldiers' safely;
that a large force of the Germans had been hired and had passed the
Rhine; that it would arrive in two days: that it was for them to consider
whether they thought fit, before the nearest people perceived it,
to lead off their soldiers when drawn out of winter-quarters, either
to Cicero or to Labienus; one of whom was about fifty miles distant
from them, the other rather more; that this he promised and confirmed
by oath, that he would give them a safe passage through his territories;
and when he did that, he was both consulting for his own state, because
it would be relieved from the winter-quarters, and also making a requital
to Caesar for his obligations."

Chapter 28

Arpineius and Junius relate to the lieutenants what they had heard.
They, greatly alarmed by the unexpected affair, though those things
were spoken by an enemy, still thought they were not to be disregarded;
and they were especially influenced by this consideration, that it
was scarcely credible that the obscure and humble state of the Eburones
had dared to make war upon the Roman people of their own accord. Accordingly,
they refer the matter to a council, and a great controversy arises
among them. L. Aurunculeius, and several tribunes of the soldiers
and the centurions of the first rank, were of opinion "that nothing
should be done hastily, and that they should not depart from the camp
without Caesar's orders;" they declared, "that any forces of the Germans,
however great, might be encountered by fortified winter-quarters;
that this fact was a proof [of it]; that they had sustained the first
assault of the Germans most valiantly, inflicting many wounds upon
them; that they were not distressed for corn; that in the mean time
relief would come both from the nearest winter-quarters and from Caesar;
lastly, they put the query, "what could be more undetermined, more
undignified, than to adopt measures respecting the most important
affairs on the authority of an enemy?"

Chapter 29

In opposition to those things, Titurius exclaimed, "That they would
do this too late, when greater forces of the enemy, after a junction
with the Germans, should have assembled; or when some disaster had
been received in the neighboring winter-quarters; that the opportunity
for deliberating was short; that he believed that Caesar had set forth
into Italy, as the Carnutes would not otherwise have taken the measure
of slaying Tasgetius, nor would the Eburones, if he had been present,
have come to the camp with so great defiance of us; that he did not
regard the enemy, but the fact, as the authority; that the Rhine was
near; that the death of Ariovistus and our previous victories were
subjects of great indignation to the Germans; that Gaul was inflamed,
that after having received so many defeats she was reduced under the
sway of the Roman people, her pristine glory in military matters being
extinguished." Lastly, "who would persuade himself of this, that Ambiorix
had resorted to a design of that nature without sure grounds? That
his own opinion was safe on either side; if there be nothing very
formidable, they would go without danger to the nearest legion; if
all Gaul conspired with the Germans, their only safety lay in dispatch.
What issue would the advice of Cotta and of those who differed from
him, have? from which, if immediate danger was not to be dreaded,
yet certainly famine, by a protracted siege, was."

Chapter 30

This discussion having been held on the two sides, when opposition
was offered strenuously by Cotta and the principal officers, "Prevail,"
said Sabinus, "if so you wish it;" and he said it with a louder voice,
that a great portion of the soldiers might hear him; "nor am I the
person among you," he said, "who is most powerfully alarmed by the
danger of death; these will be aware of it, and then, if any thing
disastrous shall have occurred, they will demand a reckoning at your
hands; these, who, if it were permitted by you, united three days
hence with the nearest winter-quarters, may encounter the common condition
of war with the rest, and not, as if forced away and separated far
from the rest, perish either by the sword or by famine."

Chapter 31

They rise from the council, detain both, and entreat, that "they do
not bring the matter into the greatest jeopardy by their dissension
and obstinacy; the affair was an easy one, if only they all thought
and approved of the same thing, whether they remain or depart; on
the other hand, they saw no security in dissension." The matter is
prolonged by debate till midnight. At last Cotta, being overruled,
yields his assent; the opinion of Sabinus prevails. It is proclaimed
that they will march at day-break; the remainder of the night is spent
without sleep, since every soldier was inspecting his property, [to
see] what he could carry with him, and what, out of the appurtenances
of the winter-quarters, he would be compelled to leave; every reason
is suggested to show why they could not stay without danger, and how
that danger would be increased by the fatigue of the soldiers and
their want of sleep. At break of day they quit the camp, in a very
extended line and with a very large amount of baggage, in such a manner
as men who were convinced that the advice was given by Ambiorix, not
as an enemy, but as most friendly [toward them].

Chapter 32

But the enemy, after they had made the discovery of their intended
departure by the noise during the night and their not retiring to
rest, having placed an ambuscade in two divisions in the woods, in
a suitable and concealed place, two miles from the camp, waited for
the arrival of the Romans: and when the greater part of the line of
march had descended into a considerable valley, they suddenly presented
themselves on either side of that valley, and began both to harass
the rear and hinder the van from ascending, and to give battle in
a place exceedingly disadvantageous to our men.

Chapter 33

Then at length Titurius, as one who had provided nothing beforehand,
was confused, ran to and fro, and set about arranging his troops;
these very things, however, he did timidly and in such a manner that
all resources seemed to fail him: which generally happens to those
who are compelled to take council in the action itself. But Cotta,
who had reflected that these things might occur on the march, and
on that account had not been an adviser of the departure, was wanting
to the common safety in no respect; both in addressing and encouraging
the soldiers, he performed the duties of a general, and in the battle
those of a soldier. And since they [Titurius and Cotta] could less
easily perform every thing by themselves, and provide what was to
be done in each place, by reason of the length of the line of march,
they ordered [the officers] to give the command that they should leave
the baggage and form themselves into an orb, which measure, though
in a contingency of that nature it was not to be condemned, still
turned out unfortunately; for it both diminished the hope of our soldiers
and rendered the enemy more eager for the fight, because it appeared
that this was not done without the greatest fear and despair. Besides
that happened, which would necessarily be the case, that the soldiers
for the most part quitted their ensigns and hurried to seek and carry
off from the baggage whatever each thought valuable, and all parts
were filled with uproar and lamentation.

Chapter 34

But judgment was not wanting to the barbarians; for their leaders
ordered [the officers] to proclaim through the ranks "that no man
should quit his place; that the booty was theirs, and for them was
reserved whatever the Romans should leave; therefore let them consider
that all things depended on their victory. Our men were equal to them
in fighting, both in courage and in number, and though they were deserted
by their leader and by fortune, yet they still placed all hope of
safety in their valor, and as often as any cohort sallied forth on
that side, a great number of the enemy usually fell. Ambiorix, when
he observed this, orders the command to be issued that they throw
their weapons from a distance and do not approach too near, and in
whatever direction the Romans should make an attack, there give way
(from the lightness of their appointments and from their daily practice
no damage could be done them); [but] pursue them when betaking themselves
to their standards again.

Chapter 35

Which command having been most carefully obeyed, when any cohort had
quitted the circle and made a charge, the enemy fled very precipitately.
In the mean time, that part of the Roman army, of necessity, was left
unprotected, and the weapons received on their open flank. Again,
when they had begun to return to that place from which they had advanced,
they were surrounded both by those who had retreated and by those
who stood next them; but if, on the other hand, they wish to keep
their place, neither was an opportunity left for valor, nor could
they, being crowded together, escape the weapons cast by so large
a body of men. Yet, though assailed by so many disadvantages, [and]
having received many wounds, they withstood the enemy, and, a great
portion of the day being spent, though they fought from day-break
till the eighth hour, they did nothing which was unworthy of them.
At length, each thigh of T. Balventius, who the year before had been
chief centurion, a brave man and one of great authority, is pierced
with a javelin; Q. Lucanius, of the same rank, fighting most valiantly,
is slain while he assists his son when surrounded by the enemy; L.
Cotta, the lieutenant, when encouraging all the cohorts and companies,
is wounded full in the mouth by a sling.

Chapter 36

Much troubled by these events, Q. Titurius, when he had perceived
Ambiorix in the distance encouraging his men, sends to him his interpreter,
Cn. Pompey, to beg that he would spare him and his soldiers. He, when
addressed, replied, "If he wishes to confer with him, it was permitted;
that he hoped what pertained to the safety of the soldiers could be
obtained from the people; that to him however certainly no injury
would be done, and that he pledged his faith to that effect." He consults
with Cotta, who had been wounded, whether it would appear right to
retire from battle, and confer with Ambiorix; [saying] that he hoped
to be able to succeed respecting his own and the soldiers' safety.
Cotta says he will not go to an armed enemy, and in that perseveres.

Chapter 37

Sabinus orders those tribunes of the soldiers whom he had at the time
around him, and the centurions of the first ranks, to follow him,
and when he had approached near to Ambiorix, being ordered to throw
down his arms, he obeys the order and commands his men to do the same.
In the mean time, while they treat upon the terms, and a longer debate
than necessary is designedly entered into by Ambiorix, being surrounded
by degrees, he is slain. Then they, according to their custom, shout
out "Victory," and raise their war-cry, and, making an attack on our
men, break their ranks. There L. Cotta, while fighting, is slain,
together with the greater part of the soldiers; the rest betake themselves
to the camp, from which they had marched forth, and one of them, L.
Petrosidius, the standard bearer, when he was overpowered by the great
number of the enemy, threw the eagle within the intrenchments and
is himself slain while fighting with the greatest courage before the
camp. They with difficulty sustain the attack till night; despairing
of safety, they all to a man destroy themselves in the night. A few
escaping from the battle, made their way to Labienus at winter-quarters,
after wandering at random through the woods, and inform him of these
events

Chapter 38

Elated by this victory, Ambiorix marches immediately with his cavalry
to the Aduatuci, who bordered on his kingdom; he halts neither day
nor night, and orders the infantry to follow him closely. Having related
the exploit and roused the Aduatuci, the next day he arrived among
the Nervii, and entreats "that they should not throw away the opportunity
of liberating themselves forever and of punishing the Romans for those
wrongs which they had received from them;" [he tells them] "that two
lieutenants have been slain, and that a large portion of the army
has perished; that it was not a matter of difficulty for the legion
which was wintering with Cicero to be cut off, when suddenly assaulted;
he declares himself ready to cooperate in that design. He easily gains
over the Nervii by this speech.

Chapter 39

Accordingly, messengers having been forthwith dispatched to the Centrones,
the Grudii, the Levaci, the Pleumoxii, and the Geiduni, all of whom
are under their government, they assemble as large bodies as they
can, and rush unexpectedly to the winter-quarters of Cicero, the report
of the death of Titurius not having as yet been conveyed to him. That
also occurred to him, which was the consequence of a necessary work
- that some soldiers who had gone off into the woods for the purpose
of procuring timber and therewith constructing fortifications, were
intercepted by the sudden arrival of [the enemy's] horse. These having
been entrapped, the Eburones, the Nervii, and the Aduatici and all
their allies and dependents, begin to attack the legion: our men quickly
run together to arms and mount the rampart; they sustained the attack
that day with great difficulty, since the enemy placed all their hope
in dispatch, and felt assured that, if they obtained this victory,
they would be conquerors forever.

Chapter 40

Letters are immediately sent to Caesar by Cicero, great rewards being
offered [to the messengers] if they carried them through. All these
passes having been beset, those who were sent are intercepted. During
the night as many as 120 towers are raised with incredible dispatch
out of the timber which they had collected for the purpose of fortification:
the things which seemed necessary to the work are completed. The following
day the enemy, having collected far greater forces, attack the camp
[and] fill up the ditch. Resistance is made by our men in the same
manner as the day before; this same thing is done afterward during
the remaining days. The work is carried on incessantly in the night:
not even to the sick, or wounded, is opportunity given for rest: whatever
things are required for resisting the assault of the next day are
provided during the night: many stakes burned at the end, and a large
number of mural pikes are procured: towers are built up, battlements
and parapets are formed of interwoven hurdles. Cicero himself, though
he was in very weak health, did not leave himself the night-time for
repose, so that he was forced to spare himself by the spontaneous
movement and entreaties of the soldiers.

Chapter 41

Then these leaders and chiefs of the Nervii, who had any intimacy
and grounds of friendship with Cicero, say they desire to confer with
him. When permission was granted, they recount the same things which
Ambiorix had related to Titurius, namely, "that all Gaul was in arms,
that the Germans had passed the Rhine, that the winter-quarters of
Caesar and of the others were attacked." They report in addition also,
about the death of Sabinus. They point to Ambiorix for the purpose
of obtaining credence; "they are mistaken," say they, "if they hoped
for any relief from those who distrust their own affairs; that they
bear such feelings toward Cicero and the Roman people that they deny
them nothing but winter-quarters, and are unwilling that the practice
should become constant; that through their [the Nervii's] means it
is possible for them [the Romans] to depart from their winter-quarters
safely and to proceed without fear into whatever parts they desire."
To these Cicero made only one reply: "that it is not the custom of
the Roman people to accept any condition from an armed enemy: if they
are willing to lay down their arms, they may employ him as their advocate
and send embassadors to Caesar: that he believed, from his [Caesar's]
justice, they would obtain the things which they might request."

Chapter 42

Disappointed in this hope, the Nervii surround the winter-quarters
with a rampart eleven feet high, and a ditch thirteen feet in depth.
These military works they had learned from our men in the intercourse
of former years, and, having taken some of our army prisoners, were
instructed by them: but, as they had no supply of iron tools which
are requisite for this service, they were forced to cut the turf with
their swords, and to empty out the earth with their hands and cloaks,
from which circumstance, the vast number of the men could be inferred;
for in less than three hours they completed a fortification of ten
miles in circumference; and during the rest of the days they began
to prepare and construct towers of the height of the ramparts, and
grappling irons, and mantelets, which the same prisoners had taught
them.

Chapter 43

On the seventh day of the attack, a very high wind having sprung up,
they began to discharge by their slings hot balls made of burned or
hardened clay, and heated javelins, upon the huts, which, after the
Gallic custom, were thatched with straw. These quickly took fire,
and by the violence of the wind, scattered their flames in every part
of the camp. The enemy following up their success with a very loud
shout, as if victory were already obtained and secured, began to advance
their towers and mantelets, and climb the rampart with ladders. But
so great was the courage of our soldiers, and such their presence
of mind, that though they were scorched on all sides, and harassed
by a vast number of weapons, and were aware that their baggage and
their possessions were burning, not only did no one quit the rampart
for the purpose of withdrawing from the scene, but scarcely did any
one even then look behind; and they all fought most vigorously and
most valiantly. This day was by far the most calamitous to our men;
it had this result, however, that on that day the largest number of
the enemy was wounded and slain, since they had crowded beneath the
very rampart, and the hindmost did not afford the foremost a retreat.
The flame having abated a little, and a tower having been brought
up in a particular place and touching the rampart, the centurions
of the third cohort retired from the place in which they were standing,
and drew off all their men: they began to call on the enemy by gestures
and by words, to enter if they wished; but none of them dared to advance.
Then stones having been cast from every quarter, the enemy were dislodged,
and their tower set on fire.

Chapter 44

In that legion there were two very brave men, centurions, who were
now approaching the first ranks, T. Pulfio, and L. Varenus. These
used to have continual disputes between them which of them should
be preferred, and every year used to contend for promotion with the
utmost animosity. When the fight was going on most vigorously before
the fortifications, Pulfio, one of them, says, "Why do you hesitate,
Varenus? or what [better] opportunity of signalizing your valor do
you seek? This very day shall decide our disputes." When he had uttered
these words, he proceeds beyond the fortifications, and rushes on
that part of the enemy which appeared the thickest. Nor does Varenus
remain within the rampart, but respecting the high opinion of all,
follows close after. Then, when an inconsiderable space intervened,
Pulfio throws his javelin at the enemy, and pierces one of the multitude
who was running up, and while the latter was wounded and slain, the
enemy cover him with their shields, and all throw their weapons at
the other and afford him no opportunity of retreating. The shield
of Pulfio is pierced and a javelin is fastened in his belt. This circumstance
turns aside his scabbard and obstructs his right hand when attempting
to draw his sword: the enemy crowd around him when [thus] embarrassed.
His rival runs up to him and succors him in this emergency. Immediately
the whole host turn from Pulfio to him, supposing the other to be
pierced through by the javelin. Varenus rushes on briskly with his
sword and carries on the combat hand to hand, and having slain one
man, for a short time drove back the rest: while he urges on too eagerly,
slipping into a hollow, he fell. To him, in his turn, when surrounded,
Pulfio brings relief; and both having slain a great number, retreat
into the fortifications amid the highest applause. Fortune so dealt
with both in this rivalry and conflict, that the one competitor was
a succor and a safeguard to the other, nor could it be determined
which of the two appeared worthy of being preferred to the other.

Chapter 45

In proportion as the attack became daily more formidable and violent,
and particularly, because, as a great number of the soldiers were
exhausted with wounds, the matter had come to a small number of defenders,
more frequent letters and messages were sent to Caesar; a part of
which messengers were taken and tortured to death in the sight of
our soldiers. There was within our camp a certain Nervian, by name
Vertico, born in a distinguished position, who in the beginning of
the blockade had deserted to Cicero, and had exhibited his fidelity
to him. He persuades his slave, by the hope of freedom, and by great
rewards, to convey a letter to Caesar. This he carries out bound about
his javelin; and mixing among the Gauls without any suspicion by being
a Gaul, he reaches Caesar. From him they received information of the
imminent danger of Cicero and the legion.

Chapter 46

Caesar having received the letter about the eleventh hour of the day,
immediately sends a messenger to the Bellovaci, to M. Crassus, questor
there, whose winter-quarters were twenty-five miles distant from him.
He orders the legion to set forward in the middle of the night, and
come to him with dispatch. Crassus sets out with the messenger. He
sends another to C. Fabius, the lieutenant, ordering him to lead forth
his legion into the territories of the Atrebates, to which he knew
his march must be made. He writes to Labienus to come with his legion
to the frontiers of the Nervii, if he could do so to the advantage
of the commonwealth: he does not consider that the remaining portion
of the army, because it was somewhat further distant, should be waited
for; but assembles about 400 horse from the nearest winter-quarters.

Chapter 47

Having been apprised of the arrival of Crassus by the scouts at about
the third hour, he advances twenty miles that day. He appoints Crassus
over Samarobriva and assigns him a legion, because he was leaving
there the baggage of the army, the hostages of the states, the public
documents, and all the corn, which he had conveyed thither for passing
the winter. Fabius, without delaying a moment, meets him on the march
with his legion, as he had been commanded. Labienus, having learned
the death of Sabinus and the destruction of the cohorts, as all the
forces of the Treviri had come against him, beginning to fear lest,
if he made a departure from his winter-quarters, resembling a flight,
he should not be able to support the attack of the enemy, particularly
since he knew them to be elated by their recent victory, sends back
a letter to Caesar, informing him with what great hazard he would
lead out his legion from winter-quarters; he relates at large the
affairs which had taken place among the Eburones; he informs him that
all the infantry and cavalry of the Treviri had encamped at a distance
of only three miles from his own camp.

Chapter 48

Caesar, approving of his motives, although he was disappointed in
his expectation of three legions, and reduced to two, yet placed his
only hopes of the common safety in dispatch. He goes into the territories
of the Nervii by long marches. There he learns from some prisoners
what things are going on in the camp of Cicero, and in how great jeopardy
the affair is. Then with great rewards he induces a certain man of
the Gallic horse to convey a letter to Cicero. This he sends written
in Greek characters, lest the letter being intercepted, our measures
should be discovered by the enemy. He directs him, if he should be
unable to enter, to throw his spear with the letter fastened to the
thong, inside the fortifications of the camp. He writes in the letter,
that he having set out with his legions, will quickly be there: he
entreats him to maintain his ancient valor. The Gaul apprehending
danger, throws his spear as he has been directed. Is by chance stuck
in a tower, and, not being observed by our men for two days, was seen
by a certain soldier on the third day: when taken down, it was carried
to Cicero. He, after perusing it, reads it out in an assembly of the
soldiers, and fills all with the greatest joy. Then the smoke of the
fires was seen in the distance, a circumstance which banished all
doubt of the arrival of the legions.

Chapter 49

The Gauls, having discovered the matter through their scouts, abandon
the blockade, and march toward Caesar with all their forces; these
were about 60,000 armed men. Cicero, an opportunity being now afforded,
again begs of that Vertico, the Gaul, whom we mentioned above, to
convey back a letter to Caesar; he advises him to perform his journey
warily; he writes in the letter that the enemy had departed and had
turned their entire force against him. When this letter was brought
to him about the middle of the night, Caesar apprises his soldiers
of its contents, and inspires them with courage for fighting: the
following day, at the dawn, he moves his camp, and, having proceeded
four miles, he espies the forces of the enemy on the other side of
a considerable valley and rivulet. It was an affair of great danger
to fight with such large forces in a disadvantageous situation. For
the present, therefore, inasmuch as he knew that Cicero was released
from the blockade, and thought that he might, on that account, relax
his speed, he halted there and fortifies a camp in the most favorable
position he can. And this, though it was small in itself, [there being]
scarcely 7,000 men, and these too without baggage, still by the narrowness
of the passages, he contracts as much as he can, with this object,
that he may come into the greatest contempt with the enemy. In the
mean while scouts having been sent in all directions, he examines
by what most convenient path he might cross the valley.

Chapter 50

That day, slight skirmishes of cavalry having taken place near the
river, both armies kept in their own positions: the Gauls, because
they were awaiting larger forces which had not then arrived; Caesar,
[to see] if perchance by pretense of fear he could allure the enemy
toward his position, so that he might engage in battle, in front of
his camp, on this side of the valley; if he could not accomplish this,
that, having inquired about the passes, he might cross the valley
and the river with the less hazard. At daybreak the cavalry of the
enemy approaches to the camp and joins battle with our horse. Caesar
orders the horse to give way purposely, and retreat to the camp: at
the same time he orders the camp to be fortified with a higher rampart
in all directions, the gates to be barricaded, and in executing these
things as much confusion to be shown as possible, and to perform them
under the pretense of fear.

Chapter 51

Induced by all these things, the enemy lead over their forces and
draw up their line in a disadvantageous position; and as our men also
had been led down from the ramparts, they approach nearer, and throw
their weapons into the fortification from all sides, and sending heralds
round, order it to be proclaimed that, if "any, either Gaul or Roman,
was willing to go over to them before the third hour, it was permitted;
after that time there would not be permission;" and so much did they
disregard our men, that the gates having been blocked up with single
rows of turf as a mere appearance, because they did not seem able
to burst in that way, some began to pull down the rampart with their
hands, others to fill up the trenches. Then Caesar, making a sally
from all the gates, and sending out the cavalry, soon puts the enemy
to flight, so that no one at all stood his ground with the intention
of fighting; and he slew a great number of them, and deprived all
of their arms.

Chapter 52

Caesar, fearing to pursue them very far, because woods and morasses
intervened, and also [because] he saw that they suffered no small
loss in abandoning their position, reaches Cicero the same day with
all his forces safe. He witnesses with surprise the towers, mantelets,
and [other] fortifications belonging to the enemy: the legion having
been drawn out, he finds that even every tenth soldier had not escaped
without wounds. From all these things he judges with what danger and
with what great courage matters had been conducted; he commends Cicero
according to his desert, and likewise the legion; he addresses individually
the centurions and the tribunes of the soldiers, whose valor he had
discovered to have been signal. He receives information of the death
of Sabinus and Cotta from the prisoners. An assembly being held the
following day, he states the occurrence; he consoles and encourages
the soldiers; he suggests, that the disaster, which had been occasioned
by the misconduct and rashness of his lieutenant, should be borne
with a patient mind, because by the favor of the immortal gods and
their own valor, neither was lasting joy left to the enemy, nor very
lasting grief to them.

Chapter 53

In the mean while the report respecting the victory of Caesar is conveyed
to Labienus through the country of the Remi with incredible speed,
so that, though he was about sixty miles distant from the winter-quarter
of Cicero, and Caesar had arrived there after the ninth hour, before
midnight a shout arose at the gates of the camp, by which shout an
indication of the victory and a congratulation on the part of the
Remi were given to Labienus. This report having been carried to the
Treviri, Indutiomarus, who had resolved to attack the camp of Labienus
the following day, flies by night and leads back all his forces into
the country of the Treviri. Caesar sends back Fabius with his legion
to his winter-quarters; he himself determines to winter with three
legions near Samarobriva in three different quarters, and, because
such great commotions had arisen in Gaul, he resolved to remain during
the whole winter with the army himself. For the disaster respecting
the death of Sabinus having been circulated among them, almost all
the states of Gaul were deliberating about war, sending messengers
and embassies into all quarters, inquiring what further measure they
should take, and holding councils by night in secluded places. Nor
did any period of the whole winter pass over without fresh anxiety
to Caesar, or, without his receiving some intelligence respecting
the meetings and commotions of the Gauls. Among these, he is informed
by L. Roscius, the lieutenant whom he had placed over the thirteenth
legion, that large forces of those states of the Gauls, which are
called the Armoricae, had assembled for the purpose of attacking him
and were not more than eight miles distant; but intelligence respecting
the victory of Caesar being carried [to them], had retreated in such
a manner that their departure appeared like a flight.

Chapter 54

But Caesar, having summoned to him the principal persons of each state,
in one case by alarming them, since he declared that he knew what
was going on, and in another case by encouraging them, retained a
great part of Gaul in its allegiance. The Senones, however, which
is a state eminently powerful and one of great influence among the
Gauls, attempting by general design to slay Cavarinus, whom Caesar
had created king among them (whose brother, Moritasgus, had held the
sovereignty at the period of the arrival of Caesar in Gaul, and whose
ancestors had also previously held it), when he discovered their plot
and fled, pursued him even to the frontiers [of the state], and drove
him from his kingdom and his home; and, after having sent embassadors
to Caesar for the purpose of concluding a peace, when he ordered all
their senate to come to him, did not obey that command. So far did
it operate among those barbarian people, that there were found some
to be the first to wage war; and so great a change of inclinations
did it produce in all, that, except the Aedui and the Remi, whom Caesar
had always held in especial honor, the one people for their long standing
and uniform fidelity toward the Roman people, the other for their
late service in the Gallic war, there was scarcely a state which was
not suspected by us. And I do not know whether that ought much to
be wondered at, as well for several other reasons, as particularly
because they who ranked above all nations for prowess in war, most
keenly regretted that they had lost so much of that reputation as
to submit to commands from the Roman people.

Chapter 55

But the Triviri and Indutiomarus let no part of the entire winter
pass without sending embassadors across the Rhine, importuning the
states, promising money, and asserting that, as a large portion of
our army had been cut off, a much smaller portion remained. However,
none of the German States could be induced to cross the Rhine, since
"they had twice essayed it," they said, "in the war with Ariovistus
and in the passage of the Tenchtheri there; that fortune was not to
be tempted any more." Indutiomarus disappointed in this expectation,
nevertheless began to raise troops, and discipline them, and procure
horses from the neighboring people, and allure to him by great rewards
the outlaws and convicts throughout Gaul. And such great influence
had he already acquired for himself in Gaul by these means, that embassies
were flocking to him in all directions, and seeking, publicly and
privately, his favor and friendship.

Chapter 56

When he perceived that they were coming to him voluntarily; that on
the one side the Senones and the Carnutes were stimulated by their
consciousness of guilt, on the other side the Nervii and the Aduatuci
were preparing war against the Romans, and that forces of volunteers
would not be wanting to him if he began to advance from his own territories,
he proclaims an armed council (this according to the custom of the
Gauls in the commencement of war) at which, by a common law, all the
youth were wont to assemble in arms, whoever of them comes last is
killed in the sight of the whole assembly after being racked with
every torture. In that council he declares Cingetorix, the leader
of the other faction, his own son-in-law (whom we have above mentioned,
as having embraced the protection of Caesar, and never having deserted
him) an enemy and confiscates his property. When these things were
finished, he asserts in the council that he, invited by the Senones
and the Carnutes, and several other states of Gaul, was about to march
thither through the territories of the Remi, devastate their lands,
and attack the camp of Labienus: before he does that, he informs them
of what he desires to be done.

Chapter 57

Labienus, since he was confining himself within a camp strongly fortified
by the nature of the ground and by art, had no apprehensions as to
his own and the legion's danger, but was devising that he might throw
away no opportunity of conducting the war successfully. Accordingly,
the speech of Indutiomarus, which he had delivered in the council,
having been made known [to him] by Cingetorix and his allies, he sends
messengers to the neighboring states and summons horse from all quarters:
he appoints to them a fixed day for assembling. In the mean time,
Indutiomarus, with all his cavalry, nearly every day used to parade
close to his [Labienus'] camp; at one time, that he might inform himself
of the situation of the camp; at another time, for the purpose of
conferring with or of intimidating him. Labienus confined his men
within the fortifications, and promoted the enemy's belief of his
fear by whatever methods he could.

Chapter 58

Since Indutiomarus was daily advancing up to the camp with greater
defiance, all the cavalry of the neighboring states which he [Labienus]
had taken care to have sent for, having been admitted in one night,
he confined all his men within the camp by guards with such great
strictness, that that fact could by no means be reported or carried
to the Treviri. In the mean while, Indutiomarus, according to his
daily practice, advances up to the camp and spends a great part of
the day there: his horse cast their weapons, and with very insulting
language call out our men to battle. No reply being given by our men,
the enemy, when they thought proper, depart toward evening in a disorderly
and scattered manner, Labienus unexpectedly sends out all the cavalry
by two gates; he gives this command and prohibition, that, when the
enemy should be terrified and put to flight (which he foresaw would
happen, as it did), they should all make for Indutiomarus, and no
one wound any man before he should have seen him slain, because he
was unwilling that he should escape, in consequence of gaining time
by the delay [occasioned by the pursuit] of the rest. He offers great
rewards for those who should kill him: he sends up the cohorts as
a relief to the horse. The issue justifies the policy of the man,
and since all aimed at one, Indutiomarus is slain, having been overtaken
at the very ford of the river, and his head is carried to the camp,
the horse, when returning, pursue and slay all whom they can. This
affair having been known, all the forces of the Eburones and the Nervii
which had assembled, depart; and for a short time after this action,
Caesar was less harassed in the government of Gaul.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

BOOK 6

Chapter 1

Caesar, expecting for many reasons a greater commotion in Gaul, resolves
to hold a levy by the means of M. Silanus C. Antistius Reginus, and
T. Sextius, his lieutenants: at the same time he requested Cn. Pompey,
the proconsul, that since he was remaining near the city invested
with military command for the interests of the commonwealth, he would
command those men whom when consul he had levied by the military oath
in Cisalpine Gaul, to join their respective corps, and to proceed
to him; thinking it of great importance, as far as regarded the opinion
which the Gauls would entertain for the future, that that the resources
of Italy should appear so great that if any loss should be sustained
in war, not only could it be repaired in a short time, but likewise
be further supplied by still larger forces. And when Pompey had granted
this to the interests of the commonwealth and the claims of friendship,
Caesar having quickly completed the levy by means of his lieutenants,
after three regiments had been both formed and brought to him before
the winter [had] expired, and the number of those cohorts which he
had lost under Q. Titurius had been doubled, taught the Gauls, both
by his dispatch and by his forces what the discipline and the power
of the Roman people could accomplish.

Chapter 2

Indutiomarus having been slain, as we have stated, the government
was conferred upon his relatives by the Treviri. They cease not to
importune the neighboring Germans and to promise them money: when
they could not obtain [their object] from those nearest them, they
try those more remote. Having found some states willing to accede
to their wishes, they enter into a compact with them by a mutual oath,
and give hostages as a security for the money: they attach Ambiorix
to them by an alliance and confederacy. Caesar, on being informed
of their acts, since he saw that war was being prepared on all sides,
that the Nervii, Aduatuci, and Menapii, with the addition of all the
Germans on this side of the Rhine were under arms, that the Senones
did not assemble according to his command, and were concerting measures
with the Carnutes and the neighboring states, that the Germans were
importuned by the Treviri in frequent embassies, thought that he ought
to take measures for the war earlier [than usual].

Chapter 3

Accordingly, while the winter was not yet ended, having concentrated
the four nearest legions, he marched unexpectedly into the territories
of the Nervii, and before they could either assemble or retreat, after
capturing a large number of cattle and of men, and wasting their lands
and giving up that booty to the soldiers, compelled them to enter
into a surrender and give him hostages. That business having been
speedily executed, he again led his legions back into winter-quarters.
Having proclaimed a council of Gaul in the beginning of the spring,
as he had been accustomed [to do], when the deputies from the rest,
except the Senones, the Carnutes, and the Treviri, had come, judging
this to be the commencement of war and revolt, that he might appear
to consider all things of less consequence [than that war], he transfers
the council to Lutetia of the Parisii. These were adjacent to the
Senones, and had united their state to them during the memory of their
fathers, but were thought to have no part in the present plot. Having
proclaimed this from the tribunal, he advances the same day toward
the Senones with his legions, and arrives among them by long marches.

Chapter 4

Acco, who had been the author of that enterprise, on being informed
of his arrival, orders the people to assemble in the towns; to them,
while attempting this, and before it could be accomplished, news is
brought that the Romans are close at hand: through necessity they
give over their design and send embassadors to Caesar for the purpose
of imploring pardon; they make advances to him through the Aedui,
whose state was from ancient times under the protection of Rome. Caesar
readily grants them pardon, and receives their excuse, at the request
of the Aedui, because he thought that the summer season was one for
an impending war, not for an investigation. Having imposed one hundred
hostages, he delivers these to the Aedui to be held in charge by them.
To the same place the Carnutes send embassadors and hostages, employing
as their mediators the Remi, under whose protection they were: they
receive the same answers. Caesar concludes the council and imposes
a levy of cavalry on the states.

Chapter 5

This part of Gaul having been tranquilized, he applies himself entirely
both in mind and soul to the war with the Treviri and Ambiorix. He
orders Cavarinus to march with him with the cavalry of the Senones,
lest any commotion should arise either out of his hot temper, or out
of the hatred of the state which he had incurred. After arranging
these things, as he considered it certain that Ambiorix would not
contend in battle, he watched his other plans attentively. The Menapii
bordered on the territories of the Eburones, and were protected by
one continued extent of morasses and woods; and they alone out of
Gaul had never sent embassadors to Caesar on the subject of peace.
Caesar knew that a tie of hospitality subsisted between them and Ambiorix:
he also discovered that the latter had entered into an alliance with
the Germans by means of the Treviri. Ho thought that these auxiliaries
ought to be detached from him before he provoked him to war; lest
he, despairing of safety, should either proceed to conceal himself
in the territories of the Menapii, or should be driven to coalesce
with the Germans beyond the Rhine. Having entered upon this resolution,
he sends the baggage of the whole army to Labienus, in the territories
of the Treviri and orders two legions to proceed to him: he himself
proceeds against the Menapii with five lightly-equipped legions. They,
having assembled no troops, as they relied on the defense of their
position, retreat into the woods and morasses, and convey thither
all their property.

Chapter 6

Caesar, having divided his forces with C. Fabius, his lieutenant,
and M. Crassus his questor, and having hastily constructed some bridges,
enters their country in three divisions, burns their houses and villages,
and gets possession of a large number of cattle and men. Constrained
by these circumstances the Menapii send embassadors to him for the
purpose of suing for peace. He, after receiving hostages, assures
them that he will consider them in the number of his enemies if they
shall receive within their territories either Ambiorix or his embassadors.
Having determinately settled these things, he left among the Menapii,
Commius the Atrebatian, with some cavalry as a guard; he himself proceeds
toward the Treviri.

Chapter 7

While these things are being performed by Caesar, the Treviri, having
drawn together large forces of infantry and cavalry, were preparing
to attack Labienus and the legion which was wintering in their territories,
and were already not further distant from him than a journey of two
days, when they learn that two legions had arrived by the order of
Caesar. Having pitched their camp fifteen miles off, they resolve
to await the support of the Germans. Labienus, having learned the
design of the enemy, hoping that through their rashness there would
be some opportunity of engaging, after leaving a guard of five cohorts
for the baggage, advances against the enemy with twenty-five cohorts
and a large body of cavalry, and, leaving the space of a mile between
them, fortifies his camp. There was between Labienus and the enemy
a river difficult to cross, and with steep banks: this neither did
he himself design to cross, nor did he suppose the enemy would cross
it. Their hope of auxiliaries was daily increasing. He [Labienus]
openly says in a council that "since the Germans are said to be approaching,
he would not bring into uncertainty his own and the army's fortunes,
and the next day would move his camp at early dawn." These words are
quickly carried to the enemy, since out of so large a number of cavalry
composed of Gauls, nature compelled some to favor the Gallic interests.
Labienus, having assembled the tribunes of the soldiers and principal
centurions by night, states what his design is, and, that he may the
more easily give the enemy a belief of his fears, he orders the camp
to be moved with greater noise and confusion than was usual with the
Roman people. By these means he makes his departure [appear] like
a retreat. These things, also, since the camps were so near, are reported
to the enemy by scouts before daylight.

Chapter 8

Scarcely had the rear advanced beyond the fortifications when the
Gauls, encouraging one another "not to cast from their hands the anticipated
booty, that it was a tedious thing, while the Romans were panic-stricken,
to be waiting for the aid of the Germans, and that their dignity did
not suffer them to fear to attack with such great forces so small
a band, particularly when retreating and encumbered," do not hesitate
to cross the river and give battle in a disadvantageous position.
Labienus suspecting that these things would happen, was proceeding
quietly, and using the same pretense of a march, in order that he
might entice them across the river. Then, having sent forward the
baggage some short distance and placed it on a certain eminence, he
says, "Soldiers, you have the opportunity you have sought: you hold
the enemy in an encumbered and disadvantageous position: display to
us, your leaders, the same valor you have ofttimes displayed to your
general: imagine that he is present and actually sees these exploits."
At the same time he orders the troops to face about toward the enemy
and form in line of battle, and, dispatching a few troops of cavalry
as a guard for the baggage, he places the rest of the horse on the
wings. Our men, raising a shout, quickly throw their javelins at the
enemy. They, when, contrary to their expectation, they saw those whom
they believed to be retreating, advance toward them with threatening
banners, were not able to sustain even the charge, and, being put
to flight at the first onslaught, sought the nearest woods; Labienus
pursuing them with the cavalry, upon a large number being slain, and
several taken prisoners, got possession of the state a few days after;
for the Germans, who were coming to the aid of the Treviri, having
been informed of their flight, retreated to their homes. The relations
of Indutiomarus, who had been the promoters of the revolt, accompanying
them, quitted their own state with them. The supreme power and government
were delivered to Cingetorix, whom we have stated to have remained
firm in his allegiance from the commencement.

Chapter 9

Caesar, after he came from the territories of the Menapii into those
of the Treviri, resolved for two reasons to cross the Rhine; one of
which was, because they had sent assistance to the Treviri against
him; the other, that Ambiorix might not have a retreat among them.
Having determined on these matters, he began to build a bridge a little
above that place where he had before conveyed over his army. The plan
having been known and laid down, the work is accomplished in a few
days by the great exertion of the soldiers. Having left a strong guard
at the bridge on the side of the Treviri, lest any commotion should
suddenly arise among them, he leads over the rest of the forces and
the cavalry. The Ubii, who before had sent hostages and come to a
capitulation, send embassadors to him, for the purpose of vindicating
themselves, to assure him that "neither had auxiliaries been sent
to the Treviri from their state, nor had they violated their allegiance;"
they entreat and beseech him "to spare them, lest, in his common hatred
of the Germans, the innocent should suffer the penalty of the guilty:
they promise to give more hostages, if he desire them." Having investigated
the case, Caesar finds that the auxiliaries had been sent by the Suevi;
he accepts the apology of the Ubii, and makes the minute inquiries
concerning the approaches and the routes to the territories of the
Suevi.

Chapter 10

In the mean time he is informed by the Ubii, a few days after, that
the Suevi are drawing all their forces into one place, and are giving
orders to those nations which are under their government to send auxiliaries
of infantry and of cavalry. Having learned these things, he provides
a supply of corn, selects a proper place for his camp, and commands
the Ubii to drive off their cattle and carry away all their possessions
from the country parts into the towns, hoping that they, being a barbarous
and ignorant people, when harassed by the want of provisions, might
be brought to an engagement on disadvantageous terms: he orders them
to send numerous scouts among the Suevi, and learn what things are
going on among them. They execute the orders, and, a few days having
intervened, report that all the Suevi, after certain intelligence
concerning the army of the Romans had come, retreated with all their
own forces and those of their allies, which they had assembled, to
the utmost extremities of their territories: that there is a wood
there of very great extent, which is called Bacenis; that this stretches
a great way into the interior, and, being opposed as a natural barrier,
defends from injuries and incursions the Cherusci against the Suevi,
and the Suevi against the Cherusci: that at the entrance of that forest
the Suevi had determined to await the coming up of the Romans.

Chapter 11

Since we have come to the place, it does not appear to be foreign
to our subject to lay before the reader an account of the manners
of Gaul and Germany, and wherein these nations differ from each other.
In Gaul there are factions not only in all the states, and in all
the cantons and their divisions, but almost in each family, and of
these factions those are the leaders who are considered according
to their judgment to possess the greatest influence, upon whose will
and determination the management of all affairs and measures depends.
And that seems to have been instituted in ancient times with this
view, that no one of the common people should be in want of support
against one more powerful; for, none [of those leaders] suffers his
party to be oppressed and defrauded, and if he do otherwise, he has
no influence among his party. This same policy exists throughout the
whole of Gaul; for all the states are divided into two factions.

Chapter 12

When Caesar arrived in Gaul, the Aedui were the leaders of one faction,
the Sequani of the other. Since the latter were less powerful by themselves,
inasmuch as the chief influence was from of old among the Aedui, and
their dependencies were great, they had united to themselves the Germans
and Ariovistus, and had brought them over to their party by great
sacrifices and promises. And having fought several successful battles
and slain all the nobility of the Aedui, they had so far surpassed
them in power, that they brought over, from the Aedui to themselves,
a large portion of their dependents and received from them the sons
of their leading men as hostages, and compelled them to swear in their
public character that they would enter into no design against them;
and held a portion of the neighboring land, seized on by force, and
possessed the sovereignty of the whole of Gaul. Divitiacus urged by
this necessity, had proceeded to Rome to the senate, for the purpose
of entreating assistance, and had returned without accomplishing his
object. A change of affairs ensued on the arrival of Caesar, the hostages
were returned to the Aedui, their old dependencies restored, and new
acquired through Caesar (because those who had attached themselves
to their alliance saw that they enjoyed a better state and a milder
government), their other interests, their influence, their reputation
were likewise increased, and in consequence, the Sequani lost the
sovereignty. The Remi succeeded to their place, and, as it was perceived
that they equaled the Aedui in favor with Caesar, those, who on account
of their old animosities could by no means coalesce with the Aedui,
consigned themselves in clientship to the Remi. The latter carefully
protected them. Thus they possessed both a new and suddenly acquired
influence. Affairs were then in that position that the Aedui were
considered by far the leading people, and the Remi held the second
post of honor.

Chapter 13

Throughout all Gaul there are two orders of those men who are of any
rank and dignity: for the commonality is held almost in the condition
of slaves, and dares to undertake nothing of itself, and is admitted
to no deliberation. The greater part, when they are pressed either
by debt, or the large amount of their tributes, or the oppression
of the more powerful, give themselves up in vassalage to the nobles,
who possess over them the same rights without exception as masters
over their slaves. But of these two orders, one is that of the Druids,
the other that of the knights. The former are engaged in things sacred,
conduct the public and the private sacrifices, and interpret all matters
of religion. To these a large number of the young men resort for the
purpose of instruction, and they [the Druids] are in great honor among
them. For they determine respecting almost all controversies, public
and private; and if any crime has been perpetrated, if murder has
been committed, if there be any dispute about an inheritance, if any
about boundaries, these same persons decide it; they decree rewards
and punishments; if any one, either in a private or public capacity,
has not submitted to their decision, they interdict him from the sacrifices.
This among them is the most heavy punishment. Those who have been
thus interdicted are esteemed in the number of the impious and the
criminal: all shun them, and avoid their society and conversation,
lest they receive some evil from their contact; nor is justice administered
to them when seeking it, nor is any dignity bestowed on them. Over
all these Druids one presides, who possesses supreme authority among
them. Upon his death, if any individual among the rest is pre-eminent
in dignity, he succeeds; but, if there are many equal, the election
is made by the suffrages of the Druids; sometimes they even contend
for the presidency with arms. These assemble at a fixed period of
the year in a consecrated place in the territories of the Carnutes,
which is reckoned the central region of the whole of Gaul. Hither
all, who have disputes, assemble from every part, and submit to their
decrees and determinations. This institution is supposed to have been
devised in Britain, and to have been brought over from it into Gaul;
and now those who desire to gain a more accurate knowledge of that
system generally proceed thither for the purpose of studying it.

Chapter 14

The Druids do not go to war, nor pay tribute together with the rest;
they have an exemption from military service and a dispensation in
all matters. Induced by such great advantages, many embrace this profession
of their own accord, and [many] are sent to it by their parents and
relations. They are said there to learn by heart a great number of
verses; accordingly some remain in the course of training twenty years.
Nor do they regard it lawful to commit these to writing, though in
almost all other matters, in their public and private transactions,
they use Greek characters. That practice they seem to me to have adopted
for two reasons; because they neither desire their doctrines to be
divulged among the mass of the people, nor those who learn, to devote
themselves the less to the efforts of memory, relying on writing;
since it generally occurs to most men, that, in their dependence on
writing, they relax their diligence in learning thoroughly, and their
employment of the memory. They wish to inculcate this as one of their
leading tenets, that souls do not become extinct, but pass after death
from one body to another, and they think that men by this tenet are
in a great degree excited to valor, the fear of death being disregarded.
They likewise discuss and impart to the youth many things respecting
the stars and their motion, respecting the extent of the world and
of our earth, respecting the nature of things, respecting the power
and the majesty of the immortal gods.

Chapter 15

The other order is that of the knights. These, when there is occasion
and any war occurs (which before Caesar's arrival was for the most
part wont to happen every year, as either they on their part were
inflecting injuries or repelling those which others inflected on them),
are all engaged in war. And those of them most distinguished by birth
and resources, have the greatest number of vassals and dependents
about them. They acknowledge this sort of influence and power only.

Chapter 16

The nation of all the Gauls is extremely devoted to superstitious
rites; and on that account they who are troubled with unusually severe
diseases, and they who are engaged in battles and dangers, either
sacrifice men as victims, or vow that they will sacrifice them, and
employ the Druids as the performers of those sacrifices; because they
think that unless the life of a man be offered for the life of a man,
the mind of the immortal gods can not be rendered propitious, and
they have sacrifices of that kind ordained for national purposes.
Others have figures of vast size, the limbs of which formed of osiers
they fill with living men, which being set on fire, the men perish
enveloped in the flames. They consider that the oblation of such as
have been taken in theft, or in robbery, or any other offense, is
more acceptable to the immortal gods; but when a supply of that class
is wanting, they have recourse to the oblation of even the innocent.

Chapter 17

They worship as their divinity, Mercury in particular, and have many
images of him, and regard him as the inventor of all arts, they consider
him the guide of their journeys and marches, and believe him to have
great influence over the acquisition of gain and mercantile transactions.
Next to him they worship Apollo, and Mars, and Jupiter, and Minerva;
respecting these deities they have for the most part the same belief
as other nations: that Apollo averts diseases, that Minerva imparts
the invention of manufactures, that Jupiter possesses the sovereignty
of the heavenly powers; that Mars presides over wars. To him, when
they have determined to engage in battle, they commonly vow those
things which they shall take in war. When they have conquered, they
sacrifice whatever captured animals may have survived the conflict,
and collect the other things into one place. In many states you may
see piles of these things heaped up in their consecrated spots; nor
does it often happen that any one, disregarding the sanctity of the
case, dares either to secrete in his house things captured, or take
away those deposited; and the most severe punishment, with torture,
has been established for such a deed.

Chapter 18

All the Gauls assert that they are descended from the god Dis, and
say that this tradition has been handed down by the Druids. For that
reason they compute the divisions of every season, not by the number
of days, but of nights; they keep birthdays and the beginnings of
months and years in such an order that the day follows the night.
Among the other usages of their life, they differ in this from almost
all other nations, that they do not permit their children to approach
them openly until they are grown up so as to be able to bear the service
of war; and they regard it as indecorous for a son of boyish age to
stand in public in the presence of his father.

Chapter 19

Whatever sums of money the husbands have received in the name of dowry
from their wives, making an estimate of it, they add the same amount
out of their own estates. An account is kept of all this money conjointly,
and the profits are laid by: whichever of them shall have survived
[the other], to that one the portion of both reverts together with
the profits of the previous time. Husbands have power of life and
death over their wives as well as over their children: and when the
father of a family, born in a more than commonly distinguished rank,
has died, his relations assemble, and, if the circumstances of his
death are suspicious, hold an investigation upon the wives in the
manner adopted toward slaves; and, if proof be obtained, put them
to severe torture, and kill them. Their funerals, considering the
state of civilization among the Gauls, are magnificent and costly;
and they cast into the fire all things, including living creatures,
which they suppose to have been dear to them when alive; and, a little
before this period, slaves and dependents, who were ascertained to
have been beloved by them, were, after the regular funeral rites were
completed, burnt together with them.

Chapter 20

Those states which are considered to conduct their commonwealth more
judiciously, have it ordained by their laws, that, if any person shall
have heard by rumor and report from his neighbors any thing concerning
the commonwealth, he shall convey it to the magistrate, and not impart
it to any other; because it has been discovered that inconsiderate
and inexperienced men were often alarmed by false reports, and driven
to some rash act, or else took hasty measures in affairs of the highest
importance. The magistrates conceal those things which require to
be kept unknown; and they disclose to the people whatever they determine
to be expedient. It is not lawful to speak of the commonwealth, except
in council.

Chapter 21

The Germans differ much from these usages, for they have neither Druids
to preside over sacred offices, nor do they pay great regard to sacrifices.
They rank in the number of the gods those alone whom they behold,
and by whose instrumentality they are obviously benefited, namely,
the sun, fire, and the moon; they have not heard of the other deities
even by report. Their whole life is occupied in hunting and in the
pursuits of the military art; from childhood they devote themselves
to fatigue and hardships. Those who have remained chaste for the longest
time, receive the greatest commendation among their people; they think
that by this the growth is promoted, by this the physical powers are
increased and the sinews are strengthened. And to have had knowledge
of a woman before the twentieth year they reckon among the most disgraceful
acts; of which matter there is no concealment, because they bathe
promiscuously in the rivers and [only] use skins or small cloaks of
deer's hides, a large portion of the body being in consequence naked.

Chapter 22

They do not pay much attention to agriculture, and a large portion
of their food consists in milk, cheese, and flesh; nor has any one
a fixed quantity of land or his own individual limits; but the magistrates
and the leading men each year apportion to the tribes and families,
who have united together, as much land as, and in the place in which,
they think proper, and the year after compel them to remove elsewhere.
For this enactment they advance many reasons - lest seduced by long-continued
custom, they may exchange their ardor in the waging of war for agriculture;
lest they may be anxious to acquire extensive estates, and the more
powerful drive the weaker from their possessions; lest they construct
their houses with too great a desire to avoid cold and heat; lest
the desire of wealth spring up, from which cause divisions and discords
arise; and that they may keep the common people in a contented state
of mind, when each sees his own means placed on an equality with [those
of] the most powerful.

Chapter 23

It is the greatest glory to the several states to have as wide deserts
as possible around them, their frontiers having been laid waste. They
consider this the real evidence of their prowess, that their neighbors
shall be driven out of their lands and abandon them, and that no one
dare settle near them; at the same time they think that they shall
be on that account the more secure, because they have removed the
apprehension of a sudden incursion. When a state either repels war
waged against it, or wages it against another, magistrates are chosen
to preside over that war with such authority, that they have power
of life and death. In peace there is no common magistrate, but the
chiefs of provinces and cantons administer justice and determine controversies
among their own people. Robberies which are committed beyond the boundaries
of each state bear no infamy, and they avow that these are committed
for the purpose of disciplining their youth and of preventing sloth.
And when any of their chiefs has said in an assembly "that he will
be their leader, let those who are willing to follow, give in their
names;" they who approve of both the enterprise and the man arise
and promise their assistance and are applauded by the people; such
of them as have not followed him are accounted in the number of deserters
and traitors, and confidence in all matters is afterward refused them.
To injure guests they regard as impious; they defend from wrong those
who have come to them for any purpose whatever, and esteem them inviolable;
to them the houses of all are open and maintenance is freely supplied.

Chapter 24

And there was formerly a time when the Gauls excelled the Germans
in prowess, and waged war on them offensively, and, on account of
the great number of their people and the insufficiency of their land,
sent colonies over the Rhine. Accordingly, the Volcae Tectosages,
seized on those parts of Germany which are the most fruitful [and
lie] around the Hercynian forest, (which, I perceive, was known by
report to Eratosthenes and some other Greeks, and which they call
Orcynia), and settled there. Which nation to this time retains its
position in those settlements, and has a very high character for justice
and military merit; now also they continue in the same scarcity, indigence,
hardihood, as the Germans, and use the same food and dress; but their
proximity to the Province and knowledge of commodities from countries
beyond the sea supplies to the Gauls many things tending to luxury
as well as civilization. Accustomed by degrees to be overmatched and
worsted in many engagements, they do not even compare themselves to
the Germans in prowess.

Chapter 25

The breadth of this Hercynian forest, which has been referred to above,
is to a quick traveler, a journey of nine days. For it can not be
otherwise computed, nor are they acquainted with the measures of roads.
It begins at the frontiers of the Helvetii, Nemetes, and Rauraci,
and extends in a right line along the river Danube to the territories
of the Daci and the Anartes; it bends thence to the left in a different
direction from the river, and owing to its extent touches the confines
of many nations; nor is there any person belonging to this part of
Germany who says that he either has gone to the extremity of that
forest, though he had advanced a journey of sixty days, or has heard
in what place it begins. It is certain that many kinds of wild beast
are produced in it which have not been seen in other parts; of which
the following are such as differ principally from other animals, and
appear worthy of being committed to record.

Chapter 26

There is an ox of the shape of a stag, between whose ears a horn rises
from the middle of the forehead, higher and straighter than those
horns which are known to us. From the top of this, branches, like
palms, stretch out a considerable distance. The shape of the female
and of the male is the, same; the appearance and the size of the horns
is the same.

Chapter 27

There are also [animals] which are called elks. The shape of these,
and the varied color of their skins, is much like roes, but in size
they surpass them a little and are destitute of horns, and have legs
without joints and ligatures; nor do they lie down for the purpose
of rest, nor, if they have been thrown down by any accident, can they
raise or lift themselves up. Trees serve as beds to them; they lean
themselves against them, and thus reclining only slightly, they take
their rest; when the huntsmen have discovered from the footsteps of
these animals whither they are accustomed to betake themselves, they
either undermine all the trees at the roots, or cut into them so far
that the upper part of the trees may appear to be left standing. When
they have leant upon them, according to their habit, they knock down
by their weight the unsupported trees, and fall down themselves along
with them.

Chapter 28

There is a third kind, consisting of those animals which are called
uri. These are a little below the elephant in size, and of the appearance,
color, and shape of a bull. Their strength and speed are extraordinary;
they spare neither man nor wild beast which they have espied. These
the Germans take with much pains in pits and kill them. The young
men harden themselves with this exercise, and practice themselves
in this kind of hunting, and those who have slain the greatest number
of them, having produced the horns in public, to serve as evidence,
receive great praise. But not even when taken very young can they
be rendered familiar to men and tamed. The size, shape, and appearance
of their horns differ much from the horns of our oxen. These they
anxiously seek after, and bind at the tips with silver, and use as
cups at their most sumptuous entertainments.

Chapter 29

Caesar, after he discovered through the Ubian scouts that the Suevi
had retired into their woods, apprehending a scarcity of corn, because,
as we have observed above, all the Germans pay very little attention
to agriculture, resolved not to proceed any further; but, that he
might not altogether relieve the barbarians from the fear of his return,
and that he might delay their succors, having led back his army, he
breaks down, to the length of 200 feet, the further end of the bridge,
which joined the banks of the Ubii, and at the extremity of the bridge
raises towers of four stories, and stations a guard of twelve cohorts
for the purpose of defending the bridge, and strengthens the place
with considerable fortifications. Over that fort and guard he appointed
C. Volcatius Tullus, a young man; he himself, when the corn began
to ripen, having set forth for the war with Ambiorix (through the
forest Arduenna, which is the largest of all Gaul, and reaches from
the banks of the Rhine and the frontiers of the Treviri to those of
the Nervii, and extends over more than 500 miles), he sends forward
L. Minucius Basilus with all the cavalry, to try if he might gain
any advantage by rapid marches and the advantage of time, he warns
him to forbid fires being made in the camp, lest any indication of
his approach be given at a distance: he tells him that he will follow
immediately.

Chapter 30

Basilus does as he was commanded; having performed his march rapidly,
and even surpassed the expectations of all, he surprises in the fields
many not expecting him; through their information he advances toward
Ambiorix himself, to the place in which he was said to be with a few
horse. Fortune accomplishes much, not only in other matters, but also
in the art of war. For as it happened by a remarkable chance, that
he fell upon [Ambiorix] himself unguarded and unprepared, and that
his arrival was seen by the people before the report or information
of his arrival was carried thither; so it was an incident of extraordinary
fortune that, although every implement of war which he was accustomed
to have about him was seized, and his chariots and horses surprised,
yet he himself escaped death. But it was effected owing to this circumstance,
that his house being surrounded by a wood (as are generally the dwellings
of the Gauls, who, for the purpose of avoiding heat, mostly seek the
neighborhood of woods and rivers), his attendants and friends in a
narrow spot sustained for a short time the attack of our horse. While
they were fighting, one of his followers mounted him on a horse; the
woods sheltered him as he fled. Thus fortune tended much both toward
his encountering and his escaping danger.

Chapter 31

Whether Ambiorix did not collect his forces from cool deliberation,
because he considered he ought not to engage in a battle, or [whether]
he was debarred by time and prevented by the sudden arrival of our
horse, when he supposed the rest of the army was closely following,
is doubtful: but certainly, dispatching messengers through the country,
he ordered every one to provide for himself; and a part of them fled
into the forest Arduenna, a part into the extensive morasses; those
who were nearest the ocean concealed themselves in the islands which
the tides usually form; many, departing from their territories, committed
themselves and all their possessions to perfect strangers. Cativolcus,
king of one half of the Eburones, who had entered into the design
together with Ambiorix, since, being now worn out by age, he was unable
to endure the fatigue either of war or flight, having cursed Ambiorix
with every imprecation, as the person who had been the contriver of
that measure, destroyed himself with the juice of the yew-tree, of
which there is a great abundance in Gaul and Germany.

Chapter 32

The Segui and Condrusi, of the nation and number of the Germans, and
who are between the Eburones and the Treviri, sent embassadors to
Caesar to entreat that he would not regard them in the number of his
enemies, nor consider that the cause of all the Germans on this side
the Rhine was one and the same; that they had formed no plans of war,
and had sent no auxiliaries to Ambiorix. Caesar, having ascertained
this fact by an examination of his prisoners, commanded that if any
of the Eburones in their flight had repaired to them, they should
be sent back to him; he assures them that if they did that, he will
not injure their territories. Then, having divided his forces into
three parts, he sent the baggage of all the legions to Aduatuca. That
is the name of a fort. This is nearly in the middle of the Eburones,
where Titurius and Aurunculeius had been quartered for the purpose
of wintering. This place he selected as well on other accounts as
because the fortifications of the previous year remained, in order
that he might relieve the labor of the soldiers. He left the fourteenth
legion as a guard for the baggage, one of those three which he had
lately raised in Italy and brought over. Over that legion and camp
he places Q. Tullius Cicero and gives him 200 horse.

Chapter 33

Having divided the army, he orders T. Labienus to proceed with three
legions toward the ocean into those parts which border on the Menapii;
he sends C. Trebonius with a like number of legions to lay waste that
district which lies contiguous to the Aduatuci; he himself determines
to go with the remaining three to the river Sambre, which flows into
the Meuse, and to the most remote parts of Arduenna, whither he heard
that Ambiorix had gone with a few horse. When departing, he promises
that he will return before the end of the seventh day, on which day
he was aware corn was due to that legion which was being left in garrison.
He directs Labienus and Trebonius to return by the same day, if they
can do so agreeably to the interests of the republic; so that their
measures having been mutually imparted, and the plans of the enemy
having been discovered, they might be able to commence a different
line of operations.

Chapter 34

There was, as we have above observed, no regular army, nor a town,
nor a garrison which could defend itself by arms; but the people were
scattered in all directions. Where either a hidden valley, or a woody
spot, or a difficult morass furnished any hope of protection or of
security to any one, there he had fixed himself. These places were
known to those who dwelt in the neighborhood, and the matter demanded
great attention, not so much in protecting the main body of the army
(for no peril could occur to them altogether from those alarmed and
scattered troops), as in preserving individual soldiers; which in
some measure tended to the safety of the army. For both the desire
of booty was leading many too far, and the woods with their unknown
and hidden routes would not allow them to go in large bodies. If he
desired the business to be completed and the race of those infamous
people to be cut off, more bodies of men must be sent in several directions
and the soldiers must be detached on all sides; if he were disposed
to keep the companies at their standards, as the established discipline
and practice of the Roman army required, the situation itself was
a safeguard to the barbarians, nor was there wanting to individuals
the daring to lay secret ambuscades and beset scattered soldiers.
But amid difficulties of this nature as far as precautions could be
taken by vigilance, such precautions were taken; so that some opportunities
of injuring the enemy were neglected, though the minds of all were
burning to take revenge, rather than that injury should be effected
with any loss to our soldiers. Caesar dispatches messengers to the
neighboring states; by the hope of booty he invites all to him, for
the purpose of plundering the Eburones, in order that the life of
the Gauls might be hazarded in the woods rather than the legionary
soldiers; at the same time, in order that a large force being drawn
around them, the race and name of that state may be annihilated for
such a crime. A large number from all quarters speedily assembles.

Chapter 35

These things were going on in all parts of the territories of the
Eburones, and the seventh day was drawing near, by which day Caesar
had purposed to return to the baggage and the legion. Here it might
be learned how much fortune achieves in war, and how great casualties
she produces. The enemy having been scattered and alarmed, as we related
above, there was no force which might produce even a slight occasion
of fear. The report extends beyond the Rhine to the Germans that the
Eburones are being pillaged, and that all were without distinction
invited to the plunder. The Sigambri, who are nearest to the Rhine,
by whom, we have mentioned above, the Tenchtheri and Usipetes were
received after their retreat, collect 2,000 horse; they cross the
Rhine in ships and barks thirty miles below that place where the bridge
was entire and the garrison left by Caesar; they arrive at the frontiers
of the Eburones, surprise many who were scattered in flight, and get
possession of a large amount of cattle, of which barbarians are extremely
covetous. Allured by booty, they advance further; neither morass nor
forest obstructs these men, born amid war and depredations; they inquire
of their prisoners in what part Caesar is; they find that he has advanced
further, and learn that all the army has removed. Thereon one of the
prisoners says, "Why do you pursue such wretched and trifling spoil;
you, to whom it is granted to become even now most richly endowed
by fortune? In three hours you can reach Aduatuca; there the Roman
army has deposited all its fortunes; there is so little of a garrison
that not even the wall can be manned, nor dare any one go beyond the
fortifications." A hope having been presented them, the Germans leave
in concealment the plunder they had acquired; they themselves hasten
to Aduatuca, employing as their guide the same man by whose information
they had become informed of these things.

Chapter 36

Cicero, who during all the foregoing days had kept his soldiers in
camp with the greatest exactness, and agreeable to the injunctions
of Caesar, had not permitted even any of the camp-followers to go
beyond the fortification, distrusting on the seventh day that Caesar
would keep his promise as to the number of days, because he heard
that he had proceeded further, and no report as to his return was
brought to him, and being urged at the same time by the expressions
of those who called his tolerance almost a siege, if, forsooth, it
was not permitted them to go out of the camp, since he might expect
no disaster, whereby he could be injured, within three miles of the
camp, while nine legions and all the cavalry were under arms, and
the enemy scattered and almost annihilated, sent five cohorts into
the neighboring corn-lands, between which and the camp only one hill
intervened, for the purpose of foraging. Many soldiers of the legions
had been left invalided in the camp, of whom those who had recovered
in this space of time, being about 300, are sent together under one
standard; a large number of soldiers' attendants besides, with a great
number of beasts of burden, which had remained in the camp, permission
being granted, follow them.

Chapter 37

At this very time, the German horse by chance came up, and immediately,
with the same speed with which they had advanced, attempt to force
the camp at the Decuman gate, nor were they seen, in consequence of
woods lying in the way on that side, before they were just reaching
the camp: so much so, that the sutlers who had their booths under
the rampart had not an opportunity of retreating within the camp.
Our men, not anticipating it, are perplexed by the sudden affair,
and the cohort on the outpost scarcely sustains the first attack.
The enemy spread themselves on the other sides to ascertain if they
could find any access. Our men with difficulty defend the gates; the
very position of itself and the fortification secures the other accesses.
There is a panic in the entire camp, and one inquires of another the
cause of the confusion, nor do they readily determine whither the
standards should be borne, nor into what quarter each should betake
himself. One avows that the camp is already taken, another maintains
that, the enemy having destroyed the army and commander-in-chief,
are come hither as conquerors; most form strange superstitious fancies
from the spot, and place before their eyes the catastrophe of Cotta
and Titurius, who had fallen in the same fort. All being greatly disconcerted
by this alarm, the belief of the barbarians is strengthened that there
is no garrison within, as they had heard from their prisoner. They
endeavor to force an entrance and encourage one another not to cast
from their hands so valuable a prize.

Chapter 38

P. Sextius Baculus, who had led a principal century under Caesar (of
whom we have made mention in previous engagements), had been left
an invalid in the garrison, and had now been five days without food.
He, distrusting his own safety and that of all, goes forth from his
tent unarmed; he sees that the enemy are close at hand and that the
matter is in the utmost danger; he snatches arms from those nearest,
and stations himself at the gate. The centurions of that cohort which
was on guard follow him; for a short time they sustain the fight together.
Sextius faints, after receiving many wounds; he is with difficulty
saved, drawn away by the hands of the soldiers. This space having
intervened, the others resume courage so far as to venture to take
their place on the fortifications and present the aspect of defenders.

Chapter 39

The foraging having in the mean time been completed, our soldiers
distinctly hear the shout; the horse hasten on before and discover
in what danger the affair is. But here there is no fortification to
receive them, in their alarm: those last enlisted, and unskilled in
military discipline turn their faces to the military tribune and the
centurions; they wait to find what orders may be given by them. No
one is so courageous as not to be disconcerted by the suddenness of
the affair. The barbarians, espying our standard in the distance,
desist from the attack; at first they suppose that the legions, which
they had learned from their prisoners had removed further off, had
returned; afterward, despising their small number, they make an attack
on them at all sides.

Chapter 40

The camp-followers run forward to the nearest rising ground; being
speedily driven from this they throw themselves among the standards
and companies: they thus so much the more alarm the soldiers already
affrighted. Some propose that, forming a wedge, they suddenly break
through, since the camp was so near; and if any part should be surrounded
and slain, they fully trust that at least the rest may be saved; others,
that they take their stand on an eminence, and all undergo the same
destiny. The veteran soldiers whom we stated to have set out together
[with the others] under a standard, do not approve of this. Therefore
encouraging each other, under the conduct of Caius Trebonius, a Roman
knight, who had been appointed over them, they break through the midst
of the enemy, and arrive in the camp safe to a man. The camp attendants
and the horse following close upon them with the same impetuosity,
are saved by the courage of the soldiers. But those who had taken
their stand upon the eminence having even now acquired no experience
of military matters, neither could persevere in that resolution which
they approved of, namely, to defend themselves from their higher position,
nor imitate that vigor and speed which they had observed to have availed
others; but, attempting to reach the camp, had descended into an unfavorable
situation. The centurions, some of whom had been promoted for their
valor from the lower ranks of other legions to higher ranks in this
legion, in order that they might not forfeit their glory for military
exploits previously acquired, fell together fighting most valiantly.
The enemy having been dislodged by their valor, a part of the soldiers
arrived safe in camp contrary to their expectations; a part perished,
surrounded by the barbarians.

Chapter 41

The Germans, despairing of taking the camp by storm, because they
saw that our men had taken up their position on the fortifications,
retreated beyond the Rhine with that plunder which they had deposited
in the woods. And so great was the alarm, even after the departure
of the enemy, that when C. Volusenus, who had been sent with the cavalry,
arrived that night, he could not gain credence that Caesar was close
at hand with his army safe. Fear had so pre-occupied the minds of
all, that their reason being almost estranged, they said that all
the other forces having been cut off, the cavalry alone had arrived
there by flight, and asserted that, if the army were safe, the Germans
would not have attacked the camp; which fear the arrival of Caesar
removed.

Chapter 42

He, on his return, being well aware of the casualties of war, complained
of one thing [only], namely, that the cohorts had been sent away from
the outposts and garrison [duty], and pointed out that room ought
not to have been left for even the most trivial casualty; that fortune
had exercised great influence in the sudden arrival of their enemy;
much greater, in that she had turned the barbarians away from the
very rampart and gates of the camp. Of all which events, it seemed
the most surprising, that the Germans, who had crossed the Rhine with
this object, that they might plunder the territories of Ambiorix,
being led to the camp of the Romans, rendered Ambiorix a most acceptable
service.

Chapter 43

Caesar, having again marched to harass the enemy, after collecting
a large number [of auxiliaries] from the neighboring states, dispatches
them in all directions. All the villages and all the buildings, which
each beheld, were on fire: spoil was being driven off from all parts;
the corn not only was being consumed by so great numbers of cattle
and men, but also had fallen to the earth, owing to the time of the
year and the storms; so that if any had concealed themselves for the
present, still, it appeared likely that they must perish through want
of all things, when the army should be drawn off. And frequently it
came to that point, as so large a body of cavalry had been sent abroad
in all directions, that the prisoners declared Ambiorix had just then
been seen by them in flight, and had not even passed out of sight,
so that the hope of overtaking him being raised, and unbounded exertions
having been resorted to, those who thought they should acquire the
highest favor with Caesar, nearly overcame nature by their ardor,
and continually, a little only seemed wanting to complete success;
but he rescued himself by [means of] lurking-places and forests, and,
concealed by the night made for other districts and quarters, with
no greater guard than that of four horsemen, to whom along he ventured
to confide his life.

Chapter 44

Having devastated the country in such a manner, Caesar leads back
his army with the loss of two cohorts to Durocortorum of the Remi,
and, having summoned a council of Gaul to assemble at that place,
he resolved to hold an investigation respecting the conspiracy of
the Senones and Carnutes, and having pronounced a most severe sentence
upon Acco, who had been the contriver of that plot, he punished him
after the custom of our ancestors. Some fearing a trial, fled; when
he had forbidden these fire and water, he stationed in winter quarters
two legions at the frontiers of the Treviri, two among the Lingones,
the remaining six at Agendicum, in the territories of the Senones;
and, having provided corn for the army, he set out for Italy, as he
had determined, to hold the assizes.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

BOOK 7

Chapter 1

Gaul being tranquil, Caesar, as he had determined, sets out for Italy
to hold the provincial assizes. There he receives intelligence of
the death of Clodius; and, being informed of the decree of the senate,
[to the effect] that all the youth of Italy should take the military
oath, he determined to hold a levy throughout the entire province.
Report of these events is rapidly borne into Transalpine Gaul. The
Gauls themselves add to the report, and invent what the case seemed
to require, [namely] that Caesar was detained by commotions in the
city, and could not, amid so violent dissensions, come to his army.
Animated by this opportunity, they who already, previously to this
occurrence, were indignant that they were reduced beneath the dominion
of Rome, begin to organize their plans for war more openly and daringly.
The leading men of Gaul, having convened councils among themselves
in the woods, and retired places, complain of the death of Acco: they
point out that this fate may fall in turn on themselves: they bewail
the unhappy fate of Gaul; and by every sort of promises and rewards,
they earnestly solicit some to begin the war, and assert the freedom
of Gaul at the hazard of their lives. They say that special care should
be paid to this, that Caesar should be cut off from his army before
their secret plans should be divulged. That this was easy, because
neither would the legions, in the absence of their general, dare to
leave their winter quarters, nor could the general reach his army
without a guard: finally, that it was better to be slain in battle,
than not to recover their ancient glory in war, and that freedom which
they had received from their forefathers.

Chapter 2

While these things are in agitation, the Carnutes declare "that they
would decline no danger for the sake of the general safety, and promise"
that they would be the first of all to begin the war; and since they
can not at present take precautions, by giving and receiving hostages,
that the affair shall not be divulged, they require that a solemn
assurance be given them by oath and plighted honor, their military
standards being brought together (in which manner their most sacred
obligations are made binding), that they should not be deserted by
the rest of the Gauls on commencing the war.

Chapter 3

When the appointed day came, the Carnutes, under the command of Cotuatus
and Conetodunus, desperate men, meet together at Genabum, and slay
the Roman citizens who had settled there for the purpose of trading
(among the rest, Caius Fusius Cita, a distinguished Roman knight,
who by Caesar's orders had presided over the provision department),
and plunder their property. The report is quickly spread among all
the states of Gaul; for, whenever a more important and remarkable
event takes place, they transmit the intelligence through their lands
and districts by a shout; the others take it up in succession, and
pass it to their neighbors, as happened on this occasion; for the
things which were done at Genabum at sunrise, were heard in the territories
of the Arverni before the end of the first watch, which is an extent
of more than a hundred and sixty miles.

Chapter 4

There in like manner, Vercingetorix the son of Celtillus the Arvernian,
a young man of the highest power (whose father had held the supremacy
of entire Gaul, and had been put to death by his fellow-citizens,
for this reason, because he aimed at sovereign power), summoned together
his dependents, and easily excited them. On his design being made
known, they rush to arms: he is expelled from the town of Gergovia,
by his uncle Gobanitio and the rest of the nobles, who were of opinion,
that such an enterprise ought not to be hazarded: he did not however
desist, but held in the country a levy of the needy and desperate.
Having collected such a body of troops, he brings over to his sentiments
such of his fellow-citizens as he has access to: he exhorts them to
take up arms in behalf of the general freedom, and having assembled
great forces he drives from the state his opponents, by whom he had
been expelled a short time previously. He is saluted king by his partisans;
he sends embassadors in every direction, he conjures them to adhere
firmly to their promise. He quickly attaches to his interests the
Senones, Parisii, Pictones, Cadurci, Turones, Aulerci, Lemovice, and
all the others who border on the ocean; the supreme command is conferred
on him by unanimous consent. On obtaining this authority, he demands
hostages from all these states, he orders a fixed number of soldiers
to be sent to him immediately; he determines what quantity of arms
each state shall prepare at home, and before what time; he pays particular
attention to the cavalry. To the utmost vigilance he adds the utmost
rigor of authority; and by the severity of his punishments brings
over the wavering: for on the commission of a greater crime he puts
the perpetrators to death by fire and every sort of tortures; for
a slighter cause, he sends home the offenders with their ears cut
off, or one of their eyes put out, that they may be an example to
the rest, and frighten others by the severity of their punishment.

Chapter 5

Having quickly collected an army by their punishments, he sends Lucterius,
one of the Cadurci, a man the utmost daring, with part of his forces,
into the territory of the Ruteni; and marches in person into the country
of the Bituriges. On his arrival, the Bituriges send embassadors to
the Aedui, under whose protection they were, to solicit aid in order
that they might more easily resist the forces of the enemy. The Aedui,
by the advice of the lieutenants whom Caesar had left with the army,
send supplies of horse and foot to succor the Bituriges. When they
came to the river Loire, which separates the Bituriges from the Aedui,
they delayed a few days there, and, not daring to pass the river,
return home, and send back word to the lieutenants that they had returned
through fear of the treachery of the Bituriges, who, they ascertained,
had formed this design, that if the Aedui should cross the river,
the Bituriges on the one side, and the Arverni on the other, should
surround them. Whether they did this for the reason which they alleged
to the lieutenants, or influenced by treachery, we think that we ought
not to state as certain, because we have no proof. On their departure,
the Bituriges immediately unite themselves to the Arverni.

Chapter 6

These affairs being announced to Caesar in Italy, at the time when
he understood that matters in the city had been reduced to a more
tranquil state by the energy of Cneius Pompey, he set out for Transalpine
Gaul. After he had arrived there, he was greatly at a loss to know
by what means he could reach his army. For if he should summon the
legions into the province, he was aware that on their march they would
have to fight in his absence; he foresaw too that if he himself should
endeavor to reach the army, he would act injudiciously, in trusting
his safety even to those who seemed to be tranquilized.

Chapter 7

In the mean time Lucterius the Cadurcan, having been sent into the
country of the Ruteni, gains over that state to the Arverni. Having
advanced into the country of the Nitiobriges, and Gabali, he receives
hostages from both nations, and, assembling a numerous force, marches
to make a descent on the province in the direction of Narbo. Caesar,
when this circumstance was announced to him, thought that the march
to Narbo ought to take the precedence of all his other plans. When
he arrived there, he encourages the timid and stations garrisons among
the Ruteni, in the province of the Volcae Arecomici, and the country
around Narbo which was in the vicinity of the enemy; he orders a portion
of the forces from the province, and the recruits which he had brought
from Italy, to rendezvous among the Helvii who border on the territories
of the Arverni.

Chapter 8

These matters being arranged, and Lucterius now checked and forced
to retreat, because he thought it dangerous to enter the line of Roman
garrisons, Caesar marches into the country of the Helvii; although
mount Cevennes, which separates the Arverni from the Helvii, blocked
up the way with very deep snow, as it was the severest season of the
year; yet having cleared away the snow to the depth of six feet, and
having opened the roads, he reaches the territories of the Arverni,
with infinite labor to his soldiers. This people being surprised,
because they considered themselves defended by the Cevennes as by
a wall, and the paths at this season of the year had never before
been passable even to individuals, he orders the cavalry to extend
themselves as far as they could, and strike as great a panic as possible
into the enemy. These proceedings are speedily announced to Vercingetorix
by rumor and his messengers. Around him all the Arverni crowd in alarm,
and solemnly entreat him to protect their property, and not to suffer
them to be plundered by the enemy, especially as he saw that all the
war was transferred into their country. Being prevailed upon by their
entreaties he moves his camp from the country of the Bituriges in
the direction of the Arverni.

Chapter 9

Caesar, having delayed two days in that place, because he had anticipated
that, in the natural course of events, such would be the conduct of
Vercingetorix, leaves the army under pretense of raising recruits
and cavalry: he places Brutus, a young man, in command of these forces;
he gives him instructions that the cavalry should range as extensively
as possible in all directions; that he would exert himself not to
be absent from the camp longer than three days. Having arranged these
matters, he marches to Vienna by as long journeys as he can, when
his own soldiers did not expect him. Finding there a fresh body of
cavalry, which he had sent on to that place several days before, marching
incessantly night and day, he advanced rapidly through the territory
of the Aedui into that of the Lingones, in which two legions were
wintering, that, if any plan affecting his own safety should have
been organized by the Aedui, he might defeat it by the rapidity of
his movements. When he arrived there, he sends information to the
rest of the legions, and gathers all his army into one place before
intelligence of his arrival could be announced to the Arverni. Vercingetorix,
on hearing this circumstance, leads back his army into the country
of the Bituriges; and after marching from it to Gergovia, a town of
the Boii, whom Caesar had settled there after defeating them in the
Helvetian war, and had rendered tributary to the Aedui, he determined
to attack it.

Chapter 10

This action caused great perplexity to Caesar in the selection of
his plans; [he feared] lest, if he should confine his legions in one
place for the remaining portion of the winter, all Gaul should revolt
when the tributaries of the Aedui were subdued, because it would appear
that there was in him no protection for his friends; but if he should
draw them too soon out of their winter quarters, he might be distressed
by the want of provisions, in consequence of the difficulty of conveyance.
It seemed better, however, to endure every hardship than to alienate
the affections of all his allies, by submitting to such an insult.
Having, therefore, impressed on the Aedui the necessity of supplying
him with provisions, he sends forward messengers to the Boii to inform
them of his arrival, and encourage them to remain firm in their allegiance,
and resist the attack of the enemy with great resolution. Having left
two legions and the luggage of the entire army at Agendicum, he marches
to the Boii.

Chapter 11

On the second day, when he came to Vellaunodunum, a town of the Senones,
he determined to attack it, in order that he might not leave an enemy
in his rear, and might the more easily procure supplies of provisions,
and draw a line of circumvallation around it in two days: on the third
day, embassadors being sent from the town to treat of a capitulation,
he orders their arms to be brought together, their cattle to be brought
forth, and six hundred hostages to be given. He leaves Caius Trebonius
his lieutenant, to complete these arrangements; he himself sets out
with the intention of marching as soon as possible, to Genabum, a
town of the Carnutes, who having then for the first time received
information of the siege of Vellaunodunum, as they thought that it
would be protracted to a longer time, were preparing a garrison to
send to Genabum for the defense of that town. Caesar arrived here
in two days; after pitching his camp before the town, being prevented
by the time of the day, he defers the attack to the next day, and
orders his soldiers to prepare whatever was necessary for that enterprise;
and as a bridge over the Loire connected the town of Genabum with
the opposite bank, fearing lest the inhabitants should escape by night
from the town, he orders two legions to keep watch under arms. The
people of Genabum came forth silently from the city before midnight,
and began to cross the river. When this circumstance was announced
by scouts, Caesar, having set fire to the gates, sends in the legions
which he had ordered to be ready, and obtains possession of the town
so completely, that very few of the whole number of the enemy escaped
being taken alive, because the narrowness of the bridge and the roads
prevented the multitude from escaping. He pillages and burns the town,
gives the booty to the soldiers, then leads his army over the Loire,
and marches into the territories of the Bituriges.

Chapter 12

Vercingetorix, when he ascertained the arrival of Caesar, desisted
from the siege [of Gergovia], and marched to meet Caesar. The latter
had commenced to besiege Noviodunum; and when embassadors came from
this town to beg that he would pardon them and spare their lives,
in order that he might execute the rest of his designs with the rapidity
by which he had accomplished most of them, he orders their arms to
be collected, their horses to be brought forth, and hostages to be
given. A part of the hostages being now delivered up, when the rest
of the terms were being performed, a few centurions and soldiers being
sent into the town to collect the arms and horses, the enemy's cavalry
which had outstripped the main body of Vercingetorix's army, was seen
at a distance; as soon as the townsmen beheld them, and entertained
hopes of assistance, raising a shout, they began to take up arms,
shut the gates, and line the walls. When the centurions in the town
understood from the signal-making of the Gauls that they were forming
some new design, they drew their swords and seized the gates, and
recovered all their men safe.

Chapter 13

Caesar orders the horse to be drawn out of the camp, and commences
a cavalry action. His men being now distressed, Caesar sends to their
aid about four hundred German horse, which he had determined, at the
beginning, to keep with himself. The Gauls could not withstand their
attack, but were put to flight, and retreated to their main body,
after losing a great number of men. When they were routed, the townsmen,
again intimidated, arrested those persons by whose exertions they
thought that the mob had been roused, and brought them to Caesar,
and surrendered themselves to him. When these affairs were accomplished,
Caesar marched to the Avaricum, which was the largest and best fortified
town in the territories of the Bituriges, and situated in a most fertile
tract of country; because he confidently expected that on taking that
town, he would reduce beneath his dominion the state of the Bituriges.

Chapter 14

Vercingetorix, after sustaining such a series of losses at Vellaunodunum,
Genabum, and Noviodunum, summons his men to a council. He impresses
on them "that the war must be prosecuted on a very different system
from that which had been previously adopted; but they should by all
means aim at this object, that the Romans should be prevented from
foraging and procuring provisions; that this was easy, because they
themselves were well supplied with cavalry, and were likewise assisted
by the season of the year; that forage could not be cut; that the
enemy must necessarily disperse, and look for it in the houses, that
all these might be daily destroyed by the horse. Besides that the
interests of private property must be neglected for the sake of the
general safety; that the villages and houses ought to be fired, over
such an extent of country in every direction from Boia, as the Romans
appeared capable of scouring in their search for forage. That an abundance
of these necessaries could be supplied to them, because they would
be assisted by the resources of those in whose territories the war
would be waged: that the Romans either would not bear the privation,
or else would advance to any distance from the camp with considerable
danger; and that it made no difference whether they slew them or stripped
them of their baggage, since, if it was lost, they could not carry
on the war. Besides that, the towns ought to be burned which were
not secured against every danger by their fortifications or natural
advantages; that there should not be places of retreat for their own
countrymen for declining military service, nor be exposed to the Romans
as inducements to carry off abundance of provisions and plunder. If
these sacrifices should appear heavy or galling, that they ought to
consider it much more distressing that their wives and children should
be dragged off to slavery, and themselves slain; the evils which must
necessarily befall the conquered.

Chapter 15

This opinion having been approved of by unanimous consent, more than
twenty towns of the Bituriges are burned in one day. Conflagrations
are beheld in every quarter; and although all bore this with great
regret, yet they laid before themselves this consolation, that, as
the victory was certain, they could quickly recover their losses.
There is a debate concerning Avaricum in the general council, whether
they should decide, that it should be burned or defended. The Bituriges
threw themselves at the feet of all the Gauls, and entreat that they
should not be compelled to set fire with their own hands to the fairest
city of almost the whole of Gaul, which was both a protection and
ornament to the state; they say that "they could easily defend it,
owing to the nature of the ground, for, being inclosed almost on every
side by a river and a marsh, it had only one entrance, and that very
narrow." Permission being granted to them at their earnest request,
Vercingetorix at first dissuades them from it, but afterward concedes
the point, owing to their entreaties and the compassion of the soldiers.
A proper garrison is selected for the town.

Chapter 16

Vercingetorix follows closely upon Caesar by shorter marches, and
selects for his camp a place defended by woods and marshes, at the
distance of fifteen miles from Avaricum. There he received intelligence
by trusty scouts, every hour in the day, of what was going on at Avaricum,
and ordered whatever he wished to be done; he closely watched all
our expeditions for corn and forage, and whenever they were compelled
to go to a greater distance, he attacked them when dispersed, and
inflicted severe loss upon them; although the evil was remedied by
our men, as far as precautions could be taken, by going forth at irregular
times' and by different ways.

Chapter 17

Caesar pitching his camp at that side of the town which was not defended
by the river and marsh, and had a very narrow approach, as we have
mentioned, began to raise the vineae and erect two towers: for the
nature of the place prevented him from drawing a line of circumvallation.
He never ceased to importune the Boii and Aedui for supplies of corn;
of whom the one [the Aedui], because they were acting with no zeal,
did not aid him much; the others [the Boii], as their resources were
not great, quickly consumed what they had. Although the army was distressed
by the greatest want of corn, through the poverty of the Boii, the
apathy of the Aedui, and the burning of the houses, to such a degree,
that for several days the soldiers were without corn, and satisfied
their extreme hunger with cattle driven from the remote villages;
yet no language was heard from them unworthy of the majesty of the
Roman people and their former victories. Moreover, when Caesar addressed
the legions, one by one, when at work, and said that he would raise
the siege, if they felt the scarcity too severely, they unanimously
begged him "not to do so; that they had served for several years under
his command in such a manner that they never submitted to insult,
and never abandoned an enterprise without accomplishing it; that they
should consider it a disgrace if they abandoned the siege after commencing
it; that it was better to endure every hardship than to not avenge
the names of the Roman citizens who perished at Genabum by the perfidy
of the Gauls." They intrusted the same declarations to the centurions
and military tribunes, that through them they might be communicated
to Caesar.

Chapter 18

When the towers had now approached the walls, Caesar ascertained from
the captives that Vercingetorix after destroying the forage, had pitched
his camp nearer Avaricum, and that he himself with the cavalry and
light-armed infantry, who generally fought among the horse, had gone
to lay an ambuscade in that quarter, to which he thought that our
troops would come the next day to forage. On learning these facts,
he set out from the camp secretly at midnight, and reached the camp
of the enemy early in the morning. They having quickly learned the
arrival of Caesar by scouts, hid their cars and baggage in the thickest
parts of the woods, and drew up all their forces in a lofty and open
space: which circumstance being announced, Caesar immediately ordered
the baggage to be piled, and the arms to be got ready.

Chapter 19

There was a hill of a gentle ascent from the bottom; a dangerous and
impassable marsh, not more than fifty feet broad, begirt it on almost
every side. The Gauls, having broken down the bridges, posted themselves
on this hill, in confidence of their position, and being drawn up
in tribes according to their respective states, held all the fords
and passages of that marsh with trusty guards, thus determined that
if the Romans should attempt to force the marsh, they would overpower
them from the higher ground while sticking in it, so that whoever
saw the nearness of the position, would imagine that the two armies
were prepared to fight on almost equal terms; but whoever should view
accurately the disadvantage of position, would discover that they
were showing off an empty affectation of courage. Caesar clearly points
out to his soldiers, who were indignant that the enemy could bear
the sight of them at the distance of so short a space, and were earnestly
demanding the signal for action, "with how great loss and the death
of how many gallant men the victory would necessarily be purchased:
and when he saw them so determined to decline no danger for his renown,
that he ought to be considered guilty of the utmost injustice if he
did not hold their life dearer than his personal safety." Having thus
consoled his soldiers, he leads them back on the same day to the camp,
and determined to prepare the other things which were necessary for
the siege of the town.

Chapter 20

Vercingetorix, when he had returned to his men, was accused of treason,
in that he had moved his camp nearer the Romans, in that he had gone
away with all the cavalry, in that he had left so great forces without
a commander, in that, on his departure, the Romans had come at such
a favorable season, and with such dispatch; that all these circumstances
could not have happened accidentally or without design; that he preferred
holding the sovereignty of Gaul by the grant of Caesar to acquiring
it by their favor. Being accused in such a manner, he made the following
reply to these charges: - "That his moving his camp had been caused
by want of forage, and had been done even by their advice; that his
approaching near the Romans had been a measure dictated by the favorable
nature of the ground, which would defend him by its natural strength;
that the service of the cavalry could not have been requisite in marshy
ground, and was useful in that place to which they had gone; that
he, on his departure, had given the supreme command to no one intentionally,
lest he should be induced by the eagerness of the multitude to hazard
an engagement, to which he perceived that all were inclined, owing
to their want of energy, because they were unable to endure fatigue
any longer. That, if the Romans in the mean time came up by chance,
they [the Gauls] should feel grateful to fortune; if invited by the
information of some one they should feel grateful to him, because
they were enabled to see distinctly from the higher ground the smallness
of the number of their enemy, and despise the courage of those who,
not daring to fight, retreated disgracefully into their camp. That
he desired no power from Caesar by treachery, since he could have
it by victory, which was now assured to himself and to all the Gauls;
nay, that he would even give them back the command, if they thought
that they conferred honor on him, rather than received safety from
him. That you may be assured," said he, "that I speak these words
with truth; - listen to these Roman soldiers!" He produces some camp-followers
whom he had surprised on a foraging expedition some days before, and
had tortured by famine and confinement. They being previously instructed
in what answers they should make when examined, say, "That they were
legionary soldiers, that, urged by famine and want, they had recently
gone forth from the camp, [to see] if they could find any corn or
cattle in the fields; that the whole army was distressed by a similar
scarcity, nor had any one now sufficient strength, nor could bear
the labor of the work; and therefore that the general was determined,
if he made no progress in the siege, to draw off his army in three
days." "These benefits," says Vercingetorix, "you receive from me,
whom you accuse of treason - me, by whose exertions you see so powerful
and victorious an army almost destroyed by famine, without shedding
one drop of your blood; and I have taken precautions that no state
shall admit within its territories this army in its ignominious flight
from this place."

Chapter 21

The whole multitude raise a shout and clash their arms, according
to their custom, as they usually do in the case of him of whose speech
they approve; [they exclaim] that Vercingetorix was a consummate general,
and that they had no doubt of his honor; that the war could not be
conducted with greater prudence. They determine that ten thousand
men should be picked out of the entire army and sent into the town,
and decide that the general safety should not be intrusted to the
Bituriges alone, because they were aware that the glory of the victory
must rest with the Bituriges, if they made good the defense of the
town.

Chapter 22

To the extraordinary valor of our soldiers, devices of every sort
were opposed by the Gauls; since they are a nation of consummate ingenuity,
and most skillful in imitating and making those things which are imparted
by any one; for they turned aside the hooks with nooses, and when
they had caught hold of them firmly, drew them on by means of engines,
and undermined the mound the more skillfully on this account, because
there are in their territories extensive iron mines, and consequently
every description of mining operations is known and practiced by them.
They had furnished, more over, the whole wall on every side with turrets,
and had covered them with skins. Besides, in their frequent sallies
by day and night, they attempted either to set fire to the mound,
or attack our soldiers when engaged in the works; and, moreover, by
splicing the upright timbers of their own towers, they equaled the
height of ours, as fast as the mound had daily raised them, and countermined
our mines, and impeded the working of them by stakes bent and sharpened
at the ends, and boiling pitch and stones of very great weight, and
prevented them from approaching the walls.

Chapter 23

But this is usually the form of all the Gallic walls. Straight beams,
connected lengthwise and two feet distant from each other at equal
intervals, are placed together on the ground; these are mortised on
the inside, and covered with plenty of earth. But the intervals which
we have mentioned, are closed up in front by large stones. These being
thus laid and cemented together, another row is added above, in such
a manner, that the same interval may be observed, and that the beams
may not touch one another, but equal spaces intervening, each row
of beams is kept firmly in its place by a row of stones. In this manner
the whole wall is consolidated, until the regular height of the wall
be completed. This work, with respect to appearance and variety, is
not unsightly, owing to the alternate rows of beams and stones, which
preserve their order in right lines; and, besides, it possesses great
advantages as regards utility and the defense of cities; for the stone
protects it from fire, and the wood from the battering ram, since
it [the wood] being mortised in the inside with rows of beams, generally
forty feet each in length, can neither be broken through nor torn
asunder.

Chapter 24

The siege having been impeded by so many disadvantages, the soldiers,
although they were retarded during the whole time by the mud, cold,
and constant showers, yet by their incessant labor overcame all these
obstacles, and in twenty-five days raised a mound three hundred and
thirty feet broad and eighty feet high. When it almost touched the
enemy's walls, and Caesar, according to his usual custom, kept watch
at the work, and encouraged the soldiers not to discontinue the work
for a moment: a little before the third watch they discovered that
the mound was sinking, since the enemy had set it on fire by a mine;
and at the same time a shout was raised along the entire wall, and
a sally was made from two gates on each side of the turrets. Some
at a distance were casting torches and dry wood from the wall on the
mound, others were pouring on it pitch, and other materials, by which
the flame might be excited, so that a plan could hardly be formed,
as to where they should first run to the defense, or to what part
aid should be brought. However, as two legions always kept guard before
the camp by Caesar's orders, and several of them were at stated times
at the work, measures were promptly taken, that some should oppose
the sallying party, others draw back the towers and make a cut in
the rampart; and moreover, that the whole army should hasten from
the camp to extinguish the flames.

Chapter 25

When the battle was going on in every direction, the rest of the night
being now spent, and fresh hopes of victory always arose before the
enemy: the more so on this account because they saw the coverings
of our towers burnt away, and perceived, that we, being exposed, could
not easily go to give assistance, and they themselves were always
relieving the weary with fresh men, and considered that all the safety
of Gaul rested on this crisis; there happened in my own view a circumstance
which, having appeared to be worthy of record, we thought it ought
not to be omitted. A certain Gaul before the gate of the town, who
was casting into the fire opposite the turret balls of tallow and
fire which were passed along to him, was pierced with a dart on the
right side and fell dead. One of those next him stepped over him as
he lay, and discharged the same office: when the second man was slain
in the same manner by a wound from a cross-bow, a third succeeded
him, and a fourth succeeded the third: nor was this post left vacant
by the besieged, until, the fire of the mound having been extinguished,
and the enemy repulsed in every direction, an end was put to the fighting.

Chapter 26

The Gauls having tried every expedient, as nothing had succeeded,
adopted the design of fleeing from the town the next day, by the advice
and order of Vercingetorix. They hoped that, by attempting it at the
dead of night, they would effect it without any great loss of men,
because the camp of Vercingetorix was not far distant from the town,
and the extensive marsh which intervened, was likely to retard the
Romans in the pursuit. And they were now preparing to execute this
by night, when the matrons suddenly ran out - into the streets, and
weeping cast themselves at the feet of their husbands, and requested
of them, with every entreaty, that they should not abandon themselves
and their common children to the enemy for punishment, because the
weakness of their nature and physical powers prevented them from taking
to flight. When they saw that they (as fear does not generally admit
of mercy in extreme danger) persisted in their resolution, they began
to shout aloud, and give intelligence of their flight to the Romans.
The Gauls being intimidated by fear of this, lest the passes should
be pre-occupied by the Roman cavalry, desisted from their design.

Chapter 27

The next day Caesar, the tower being advanced, and the works which
he had determined to raise being arranged, a violent storm arising,
thought this no bad time for executing his designs, because he observed
the guards arranged on the walls a little too negligently, and therefore
ordered his own men to engage in their work more remissly, and pointed
out what he wished to be done. He drew up his soldiers in a secret
position within the vineae, and exhorts them to reap, at least, the
harvest of victory proportionate to their exertions. He proposed a
reward for those who should first scale the walls, and gave the signal
to the soldiers. They suddenly flew out from all quarters and quickly
filled the walls.

Chapter 28

The enemy being alarmed by the suddenness of the attack, were dislodged
from the wall and towers, and drew up, in form of a wedge, in the
market place and the open streets, with this intention that, if an
attack should be made on any side, they should fight with their line
drawn up to receive it. When they saw no one descending to the level
ground, and the enemy extending themselves along the entire wall in
every direction, fearing lest every hope of flight should be cut off,
they cast away their arms, and sought, without stopping, the most
remote parts of the town. A part was then slain by the infantry when
they were crowding upon one another in the narrow passage of the gates;
and a part having got without the gates, were cut to pieces by the
cavalry: nor was there one who was anxious for the plunder. Thus,
being excited by the massacre at Genabum and the fatigue of the siege,
they spared neither those worn out with years, women, or children.
Finally, out of all that number, which amounted to about forty thousand,
scarcely eight hundred, who fled from the town when they heard the
first alarm, reached Vercingetorix in safety: and he, the night being
now far spent, received them in silence after their flight (fearing
that any sedition should arise in the camp from their entrance in
a body and the compassion of the soldiers), so that, having arranged
his friends and the chiefs of the states at a distance on the road,
he took precautions that they should be separated and conducted to
their fellow countrymen, to whatever part of the camp had been assigned
to each state from the beginning.

Chapter 29

Vercingetorix having convened an assembly on the following day, consoled
and encouraged his soldiers in the following words: "That they should
not be too much depressed in spirit, nor alarmed at their loss; that
the Romans did not conquer by valor nor in the field, but by a kind
of art and skill in assault, with which they themselves were unacquainted;
that whoever expected every event in the war to be favorable, erred;
that it never was his opinion that Avaricum should be defended, of
the truth of which statement he had themselves as witnesses, but that
it was owing to the imprudence of the Bituriges, and the too ready
compliance of the rest, that this loss was sustained; that, however,
he would soon compensate it by superior advantages; for that he would,
by his exertions, bring over those states which severed themselves
from the rest of the Gauls, and would create a general unanimity throughout
the whole of Gaul, the union of which not even the whole earth could
withstand, and that he had it already almost effected; that in the
mean time it was reasonable that he should prevail on them, for the
sake of the general safety, to begin to fortify their camp, in order
that they might the more easily sustain the sudden attacks of the
enemy."

Chapter 30

This speech was not disagreeable to the Gauls, principally, because
he himself was not disheartened by receiving so severe a loss, and
had not concealed himself, nor shunned the eyes of the people: and
he was believed to possess greater foresight and sounder judgment
than the rest, because, when the affair was undecided, he had at first
been of opinion that Avaricum should be burnt, and afterward that
it should be abandoned. Accordingly, as ill success weakens the authority
of other generals, so, on the contrary, his dignity increased daily,
although a loss was sustained: at the same time they began to entertain
hopes, on his assertion, of uniting the rest of the states to themselves,
and on this occasion, for the first time, the Gauls began to fortify
their camps, and were so alarmed that although they were men unaccustomed
to toil, yet they were of opinion that they ought to endure and suffer
every thing which should be imposed upon them.

Chapter 31

Nor did Vercingetorix use less efforts than he had promised, to gain
over the other states, and [in consequence] endeavored to entice their
leaders by gifts and promises. For this object he selected fitting
emissaries, by whose subtle pleading or private friendship, each of
the nobles could be most easily influenced. He takes care that those
who fled to him on the storming of Avaricum should be provided with
arms and clothes. At the same time that his diminished forces should
be recruited, he levies a fixed quota of soldiers from each state,
and defines the number and day before which he should wish them brought
to the camp, and orders all the archers, of whom there was a very
great number in Gaul, to be collected and sent to him. By these means,
the troops which were lost at Avaricum are speedily replaced. In the
mean time, Teutomarus, the son of Ollovicon, the king of the Nitiobriges,
whose father had received the appellation of friend from our senate,
came to him with a great number of his own horse and those whom he
had hired from Aquitania.

Chapter 32

Caesar, after delaying several days at Avaricum, and, finding there
the greatest plenty of corn and other provisions, refreshed his army
after their fatigue and privation. The winter being almost ended,
when he was invited by the favorable season of the year to prosecute
the war and march against the enemy, [and try] whether he could draw
them from the marshes and woods, or else press them by a blockade;
some noblemen of the Aedui came to him as embassadors to entreat "that
in an extreme emergency he should succor their state; that their affairs
were in the utmost danger, because, whereas single magistrates had
been usually appointed in ancient times and held the power of king
for a single year, two persons now exercised this office, and each
asserted that he was appointed according to their laws. That one of
them was Convictolitanis, a powerful and illustrious youth; the other
Cotus, sprung from a most ancient family, and personally a man of
very great influence and extensive connections. His brother Valetiacus
had borne the same office during the last year: that the whole state
was up in arms; the senate divided, the people divided; that each
of them had his own adherents; and that, if the animosity would be
fomented any longer, the result would be that one part of the state
would come to a collision with the other; that it rested with his
activity and influence to prevent it."

Chapter 33

Although Caesar considered it ruinous to leave the war and the enemy,
yet, being well aware what great evils generally arise from internal
dissensions, lest a state so powerful and so closely connected with
the Roman people, which he himself had always fostered and honored
in every respect, should have recourse to violence and arms, and that
the party which had less confidence in its own power should summon
aid from Vercingetorix, he determined to anticipate this movement;
and because, by the laws of the Aedui, it was not permitted those
who held the supreme authority to leave the country, he determined
to go in person to the Aedui, lest he should appear to infringe upon
their government and laws, and summoned all the senate, and those
between whom the dispute was, to meet him at Decetia. When almost
all the state had assembled there, and he was informed that one brother
had been declared magistrate by the other, when only a few persons
were privately summoned for the purpose, at a different time and place
from what he ought, whereas the laws not only forbade two belonging
to one family to be elected magistrates while each was alive, but
even deterred them from being in the senate, he compelled Cotus to
resign his office; he ordered Convictolitanis, who had been elected
by the priests, according to the usage of the state, in the presence
of the magistrates, to hold the supreme authority.

Chapter 34

Having pronounced this decree between [the contending parties], he
exhorted the Aedui to bury in oblivion their disputes and dissensions,
and, laying aside all these things, devote themselves to the war,
and expect from him, on the conquest of Gaul, those rewards which
they should have earned, and send speedily to him all their cavalry
and ten thousand infantry, which he might place in different garrisons
to protect his convoys of provisions, and then divided his army into
two parts: he gave Labienus four legions to lead into the country
of the Senones and Parisii; and led in person six into the country
of the Arverni, in the direction of the town of Gergovia, along the
banks of the Allier. He gave part of the cavalry to Labienus and kept
part to himself. Vercingetorix, on learning this circumstance, broke
down all the bridges over the river and began to march on the other
bank of the Allier.

Chapter 35

When each army was in sight of the other, and was pitching their camp
almost opposite that of the enemy, scouts being distributed in every
quarter, lest the Romans should build a bridge and bring over their
troops; it was to Caesar a matter attended with great difficulties,
lest he should be hindered from passing the river during the greater
part of the summer, as the Allier can not generally be forded before
the autumn. Therefore, that this might not happen, having pitched
his camp in a woody place opposite to one of those bridges which Vercingetorix
had taken care should be broken down, the next day he stopped behind
with two legions in a secret place; he sent on the rest of the forces
as usual, with all the baggage, after having selected some cohorts,
that the number of the legions might appear to be complete. Having
ordered these to advance as far as they could, when now, from the
time of day, he conjectured they had come to an encampment, he began
to rebuild the bridge on the same piles, the lower part of which remained
entire. Having quickly finished the work and led his legions across,
he selected a fit place for a camp, and recalled the rest of his troops.
Vercingetorix, on ascertaining this fact, went before him by forced
marches, in order that he might not be compelled to come to an action
against his will.

Chapter 36

Caesar, in five days' march, went from that place to Gergovia, and
after engaging in a slight cavalry skirmish that day, on viewing the
situation of the city, which, being built on a very high mountain,
was very difficult of access, he despaired of taking it by storm,
and determined to take no measures with regard to besieging it before
he should secure a supply of provisions. But Vercingetorix, having
pitched his camp on the mountain near the town, placed the forces
of each state separately and at small intervals around himself, and
having occupied all the hills of that range as far as they commanded
a view [of the Roman encampment], he presented a formidable appearance;
he ordered the rulers of the states, whom he had selected as his council
of war, to come to him daily at the dawn, whether any measure seemed
to require deliberation or execution. Nor did he allow almost any
day to pass without testing in a cavalry action, the archers being
intermixed, what spirit and valor there was in each of his own men.
There was a hill opposite the town, at the very foot of that mountain,
strongly fortified and precipitous on every side (which if our men
could gain, they seemed likely to exclude the enemy from a great share
of their supply of water, and from free foraging; but this place was
occupied by them with a weak garrison): however, Caesar set out from
the camp in the silence of night, and dislodging the garrison before
succor could come from the town, he got possession of the place and
posted two legions there, and drew from the greater camp to the less
a double trench twelve feet broad, so that the soldiers could even
singly pass secure from any sudden attack of the enemy.

Chapter 37

While these affairs were going on at Gergovia, Convictolanis, the
Aeduan, to whom we have observed the magistracy was adjudged by Caesar,
being bribed by the Arverni, holds a conference with certain young
men, the chief of whom were Litavicus and his brothers, who were born
of a most noble family. He shares the bribe with them, and exhorts
them to "remember that they were free and born for empire; that the
state of the Aedui was the only one which retarded the most certain
victory of the Gauls; that the rest were held in check by its authority;
and, if it was brought over, the Romans would not have room to stand
on in Gaul; that he had received some kindness from Caesar, only so
far, however, as gaining a most just cause by his decision; but that
he assigned more weight to the general freedom; for, why should the
Aedui go to Caesar to decide concerning their rights and laws, rather
than the Romans come to the Aedui?" The young men being easily won
over by the speech of the magistrate and the bribe, when they declared
that they would even be leaders in the plot, a plan for accomplishing
it was considered, because they were confident their state could not
be induced to undertake the war on slight grounds. It was resolved
that Litavicus should have the command of the ten thousand, which
were being sent to Caesar for the war, and should have charge of them
on their march, and that his brothers should go before him to Caesar.
They arrange the other measures, and the manner in which they should
have them done.

Chapter 38

Litavicus, having received the command of the army, suddenly convened
the soldiers, when he was about thirty miles distant from Gergovia,
and, weeping, said, "Soldiers, whither are we going? All our knights
and all our nobles have perished. Eporedirix and Viridomarus, the
principal men of the state, being accused of treason, have been slain
by the Romans without any permission to plead their cause. Learn this
intelligence from those who have escaped from the massacre; for I,
since my brothers and all my relations have been slain, am prevented
by grief from declaring what has taken place. Persons are brought
forward whom he had instructed in what he would have them say, and
make the same statements to the soldiery as Litavicus had made: that
all the knights of the Aedui were slain because they were said to
have held conferences with the Arverni; that they had concealed themselves
among the multitude of soldiers, and had escaped from the midst of
the slaughter. The Aedui shout aloud and conjure Litavicus to provide
for their safety. As if, said he, it were a matter of deliberation,
and not of necessity, for us to go to Gergovia and unite ourselves
to the Arverni. Or have we any reasons to doubt that the Romans, after
perpetrating the atrocious crime, are now hastening to slay us? Therefore,
if there be any spirit in us, let us avenge the death of those who
have perished in a most unworthy manner, and let us slay these robbers."
He points to the Roman citizens, who had accompanied them, in reliance
on his protection. He immediately seizes a great quantity of corn
and provisions, cruelly tortures them, and then puts them to death,
sends messengers throughout the entire state of the Aedui, and rouses
them completely by the same falsehood concerning the slaughter of
their knights and nobles; he earnestly advises them to avenge, in
the same manner as he did, the wrongs, which they had received.

Chapter 39

Eporedirix, the Aeduan , a young man born in the highest rank and
possessing very great influence at home, and, along with Viridomarus,
of equal age and influence, but of inferior birth, whom Caesar had
raised from a humble position to the highest rank, on being recommended
to him by Divitiacus, had come in the number of horse, being summoned
by Caesar by name. These had a dispute with each other for precedence,
and in the struggle between the magistrates they had contended with
their utmost efforts, the one for Convictolitanis, the other for Cotus.
Of these Eporedirix, on learning the design of Litavicus, lays the
matter before Caesar almost at midnight; he entreats that Caesar should
not suffer their state to swerve from the alliance with the Roman
people, owing to the depraved counsels of a few young men which he
foresaw would be the consequence if so many thousand men should unite
themselves to the enemy, as their relations could not neglect their
safety, nor the state regard it as a matter of slight importance.

Chapter 40

Caesar felt great anxiety on this intelligence, because he had always
especially indulged the state of the Aedui, and, without any hesitation,
draws out from the camp four light-armed legions and all the cavalry:
nor had he time, at such a crisis, to contract the camp, because the
affair seemed to depend upon dispatch. He leaves Caius Fabius, his
lieutenant, with two legions to guard the camp. When he ordered the
brothers of Litavicus to be arrested, he discovers that they had fled
a short time before to the camp of the enemy. He encouraged his soldiers
"not to be disheartened by the labor of the journey on such a necessary
occasion," and, after advancing twenty-five miles, all being most
eager, he came in sight of the army of the Aedui, and, by sending
on his cavalry, retards and impedes their march; he then issues strict
orders to all his soldiers to kill no one. He commands Eporedirix
and Viridomarus, who they thought were killed, to move among the cavalry
and address their friends. When they were recognized and the treachery
of Litavicus discovered, the Aedui began to extend their hands to
intimate submission, and, laying down their arms, to deprecate death.
Litavicus, with his clansmen, who after the custom of the Gauls consider
it a crime to desert their patrons, even in extreme misfortune, flees
forth to Gergovia.

Chapter 41

Caesar, after sending messengers to the state of the Aedui, to inform
them that they whom he could have put to death by the right of war
were spared through his kindness, and after giving three hours of
the night to his army for his repose, directed his march to Gergovia.
Almost in the middle of the journey, a party of horse that were sent
by Fabius stated in how great danger matters were, they inform him
that the camp was attacked by a very powerful army, while fresh men
were frequently relieving the wearied, and exhausting our soldiers
by the incessant toil, since on account of the size of the camp, they
had constantly to remain on the rampart; that many had been wounded
by the immense number of arrows and all kinds of missiles; that the
engines were of great service in withstanding them; that Fabius, at
their departure, leaving only two gates open, was blocking up the
rest, and was adding breast-works to the ramparts, and was preparing
himself for a similar casualty on the following day. Caesar, after
receiving this information, reached the camp before sunrise owing
to the very great zeal of his soldiers.

Chapter 42

While these things are going on at Gergovia, the Aedui, on receiving
the first announcements from Litavicus, leave themselves no time to
ascertain the truth of those statements. Some are stimulated by avarice,
others by revenge and credulity, which is an innate propensity in
that race of men to such a degree that they consider a slight rumor
as an ascertained fact. They plunder the property of the Roman citizens,
and either massacre them or drag them away to slavery. Convictolitanis
increases the evil state of affairs, and goads on the people to fury,
that by the commission of some outrage they may be ashamed to return
to propriety. They entice from the town of Cabillonus, by a promise
of safety, Marcus Aristius, a military tribune, who was on his march
to his legion; they compel those who had settled there for the purpose
of trading to do the same. By constantly attacking them on their march
they strip them of all their baggage; they besiege day and night those
that resisted; when many were slain on both sides, they excite a great
number to arms.

Chapter 43

In the mean time, when intelligence was brought that all their soldiers
were in Caesar's power, they run in a body to Aristius; they assure
him that nothing had been done by public authority; they order an
inquiry to be made about the plundered property; they confiscate the
property of Litavicus and his brothers; they send embassadors to Caesar
for the purpose of clearing themselves. They do all this with a view
to recover their soldiers; but being contaminated by guilt, and charmed
by the gains arising from the plundered property, as that act was
shared in by many, and being tempted by the fear of punishment, they
began to form plans of war and stir up the other states by embassies.
Although Caesar was aware of this proceeding, yet he addresses the
embassadors with as much mildness as he can: "That he did not think
worse of the state on account of the ignorance and fickleness of the
mob, nor would diminish his regard for the Aedui." He himself, fearing
a greater commotion in Gaul, in order to prevent his being surrounded
by all the states, began to form plans as to the manner in which he
should return from Gergovia and again concentrate his forces, lest
a departure arising from the fear of a revolt should seem like a flight.

Chapter 44

While he was considering these things an opportunity of acting successfully
seemed to offer. For, when he had come into the smaller camp for the
purpose of securing the works, he noticed that the hill in the possession
of the enemy was stripped of men, although, on the former days, it
could scarcely be seen on account of the numbers on it. Being astonished,
he inquires the reason of it from the deserters, a great number of
whom flocked to him daily. They all concurred in asserting, what Caesar
himself had already ascertained by his scouts, that the back of that
hill was almost level; but likewise woody and narrow, by which there
was a pass to the other side of the town; that they had serious apprehensions
for this place, and had no other idea, on the occupation of one hill
by the Romans, than that, if they should lose the other, they would
be almost surrounded, and cut off from all egress and foraging; that
they were all summoned by Vercingetorix to fortify this place.

Chapter 45

Caesar, on being informed of this circumstance, sends several troops
of horse to the place immediately after midnight; he orders them to
range in every quarter with more tumult than usual. At dawn he orders
a large quantity of baggage to be drawn out of the camp, and the muleteers
with helmets, in the appearance and guise of horsemen, to ride round
the hills. To these he adds a few cavalry, with instructions to range
more widely to make a show. He orders them all to seek the same quarter
by a long circuit; these proceedings were seen at a distance from
the town, as Gergovia commanded a view of the camp, nor could the
Gauls ascertain at so great a distance, what certainty there was in
the maneuver. He sends one legion to the same hill, and after it had
marched a little, stations it in the lower ground, and congeals it
in the woods. The suspicion of the Gauls are increased, and all their
forces are marched to that place to defend it. Caesar, having perceived
the camp of the enemy deserted, covers the military insignia of his
men, conceals the standards, and transfers his soldiers in small bodies
from the greater to the less camp, and points out to the lieutenants
whom he had placed in command over the respective legions, what he
should wish to be done; he particularly advises them to restrain their
men from advancing too far, through their desire of fighting, or their
hope of plunder, he sets before them what disadvantages the unfavorable
nature of the ground carries with it; that they could be assisted
by dispatch alone: that success depended on a surprise, and not on
a battle. After stating these particulars, he gives the signal for
action, and detaches the Aedui at the same time by another ascent
on the right.

Chapter 46

The town wall was 1200 paces distant from the plain and foot of the
ascent, in a straight line, if no gap intervened; whatever circuit
was added to this ascent, to make the hill easy, increased the length
of the route. But almost in the middle of the hill, the Gauls had
previously built a wall six feet high, made of large stones, and extending
in length as far as the nature of the ground permitted, as a barrier
to retard the advance of our men; and leaving all the lower space
empty, they had filled the upper part of the hill, as far as the wall
of the town, with their camps very close to one another. The soldiers,
on the signal being given, quickly advance to this fortification,
and passing over it, make themselves masters of the separate camps.
And so great was their activity in taking the camps, that Teutomarus,
the king of the Nitiobriges, being suddenly surprised in his tent,
as he had gone to rest at noon, with difficulty escaped from the hands
of the plunderers, with the upper part of his person naked, and his
horse wounded.

Chapter 47

Caesar, having accomplished the object which he had in view, ordered
the signal to be sounded for a retreat; and the soldiers of the tenth
legion, by which he was then accompanied, halted. But the soldiers
of the other legions, not hearing the sound of the trumpet, because
there was a very large valley between them, were however kept back
by the tribunes of the soldiers and the lieutenants, according to
Caesar's orders; but being animated by the prospect of speedy victory,
and the flight of the enemy, and the favorable battles of former periods,
they thought nothing so difficult that their bravery could not accomplish
it; nor did they put an end to the pursuit, until they drew nigh to
the wall of the town and the gates. But then, when a shout arose in
every quarter of the city, those who were at a distance being alarmed
by the sudden tumult, fled hastily from the town, since they thought
that the enemy were within the gates. The matrons begin to cast their
clothes and silver over the wall, and bending over as far as the lower
part of the bosom, with outstretched hands beseech the Romans to spare
them, and not to sacrifice to their resentment even women and children,
as they had done at Avaricum. Some of them let themselves down from
the walls by their hands, and surrendered to our soldiers. Lucius
Fabius a centurion of the eighth legion, who, it was ascertained,
had said that day among his fellow soldiers that he was excited by
the plunder of Avaricum, and would not allow any one to mount the
wall before him, finding three men of his own company, and being raised
up by them, scaled the wall. He himself, in turn, taking hold of them
one by one drew them up to the wall.

Chapter 48

In the mean time those who had gone to the other part of the town
to defend it, as we have mentioned above, at first, aroused by hearing
the shouts, and, afterward, by frequent accounts, that the town was
in possession of the Romans, sent forward their cavalry, and hastened
in larger numbers to that quarter. As each first came he stood beneath
the wall, and increased the number of his countrymen engaged in action.
When a great multitude of them had assembled, the matrons, who a little
before were stretching their hands from the walls to the Romans, began
to beseech their countrymen, and after the Gallic fashion to show
their disheveled hair, and bring their children into public view.
Neither in position nor in numbers was the contest an equal one to
the Romans; at the same time, being exhausted by running and the long
continuation of the fight, they could not easily withstand fresh and
vigorous troops.

Chapter 49

Caesar, when he perceived that his soldiers were fighting on unfavorable
ground, and that the enemy's forces were increasing, being alarmed
for the safety of his troops, sent orders to Titus Sextius, one of
his lieutenants, whom he had left to guard the smaller camp, to lead
out his cohorts quickly from the camp, and post them at the foot of
the hill, on the right wing of the enemy; that if he should see our
men driven from the ground, he should deter the enemy from following
too closely. He himself, advancing with the legion a little from that
place where he had taken his post, awaited the issue of the battle.

Chapter 50

While the fight was going on most vigorously, hand to hand, and the
enemy depended on their position and numbers, our men on their bravery,
the Aedui suddenly appeared on our exposed flank, as Caesar had sent
them by another ascent on the right, for the sake of creating a diversion.
These, from the similarity of their arms, greatly terrified our men;
and although they were discovered to have their right shoulders bare,
which was usually the sign of those reduced to peace, yet the soldiers
suspected that this very thing was done by the enemy to deceive them.
At the same time Lucius Fabius the centurion, and those who had scaled
the wall with him, being surrounded and slain, were cast from the
wall. Marcus Petreius, a centurion of the same legion, after attempting
to hew down the gates, was overpowered by numbers, and, despairing
of his safety, having already received many wounds, said to the soldiers
of his own company who followed him: "Since I can not save you as
well as myself, I shall at least provide for your safety, since I,
allured by the love of glory, led you into this danger, do you save
yourselves when an opportunity is given." At the same time he rushed
into the midst of the enemy, and slaying two of them, drove back the
rest a little from the gate. When his men attempted to aid him, "In
vain," he says, "you endeavor to procure me safety, since blood and
strength are now failing me, therefore leave this, while you have
the opportunity, and retreat to the legion." Thus he fell fighting
a few moments after, and saved his men by his own death.

Chapter 51

Our soldiers, being hard pressed on every side, were dislodged from
their position, with the loss of forty-six centurions; but the tenth
legion, which had been posted in reserve on ground a little more level,
checked the Gauls in their eager pursuit. It was supported by the
cohorts of the thirteenth legion, which, being led from the smaller
camp, had, under the command of Titus Sextius, occupied the higher
ground. The legions, as soon as they reached the plain, halted and
faced the enemy. Vercingetorix led back his men from the part of the
hill within the fortifications. On that day little less than seven
hundred of the soldiers were missing.

Chapter 52

On the next day, Caesar, having called a meeting, censured the rashness
and avarice of his soldiers, "In that they had judged for themselves
how far they ought to proceed, or what they ought to do, and could
not be kept back by the tribunes of the soldiers and the lieutenants;"
and stated, "what the disadvantage of the ground could effect, what
opinion he himself had entertained at Avaricum, when having surprised
the enemy without either general or cavalry, he had given up a certain
victory, lest even a trifling loss should occur in the contest owing
to the disadvantage of position. That as much as he admired the greatness
of their courage, since neither the fortifications of the camp, nor
the height of the mountain, nor the wall of the town could retard
them; in the same degree he censured their licentiousness and arrogance,
because they thought that they knew more than their general concerning
victory, and the issue of actions: and that he required in his soldiers
forbearance and self-command, not less than valor and magnanimity."

Chapter 53

Having held this assembly, and having encouraged the soldiers at the
conclusion of his speech, "That they should not be dispirited on this
account, nor attribute to the valor of the enemy, what the disadvantage
of position had caused;" entertaining the same views of his departure
that he had previously had, he led forth the legions from the camp,
and drew up his army in order of battle in a suitable place. When
Vercingetorix, nevertheless, would not descend to the level ground,
a slight cavalry action, and that a successful one, having taken place,
he led back his army into the camp. When he had done this, the next
day, thinking that he had done enough to lower the pride of the Gauls,
and to encourage the minds of his soldiers, he moved his camp in the
direction of the Aedui. The enemy not even then pursuing us, on the
third day he repaired the bridge over the river Allier, and led over
his whole army.

Chapter 54

Having then held an interview with Viridomarus and Eporedirix the
Aeduans, he learns that Litavicus had set out with all the cavalry
to raise the Aedui; that it was necessary that they too should go
before him to confirm the state in their allegiance. Although he now
saw distinctly the treachery of the Aedui in many things, and was
of opinion that the revolt of the entire state would be hastened by
their departure; yet he thought that they should not be detained,
lest he should appear either to offer an insult, or betray some suspicion
of fear. He briefly states to them when departing his services toward
the Aedui: in what a state and how humbled he had found them, driven
into their towns, deprived of their lands, stripped of all their forces,
a tribute imposed on them, and hostages wrested from them with the
utmost insult; and to what condition and to what greatness he had
raised them, [so much so] that they had not only recovered their former
position, but seemed to surpass the dignity and influence of all the
previous eras of their history. After giving these admonitions he
dismissed them.

Chapter 55

Noviodunum was a town of the Aedui, advantageously situated on the
banks of the Loire. Caesar had conveyed hither all the hostages of
Gaul, the corn, public money, a great part of his own baggage and
that of his army; he had sent hither a great number of horses, which
he had purchased in Italy and Spain on account of this war. When Eporedirix
and Viridomarus came to this place, and received information of the
disposition of the state, that Litavicus had been admitted by the
Aedui into Bibracte, which is a town of the greatest importance among
them, that Convictolitanis the chief magistrate and a great part of
the senate had gone to meet him, that embassadors had been publicly
sent to Vercingetorix to negotiate a peace and alliance; they thought
that so great an opportunity ought not to be neglected. Therefore,
having put to the sword the garrison of Noviodunum, and those who
had assembled there for the purpose of trading or were on their march,
they divided the money and horses among themselves; they took care
that the hostages of the [different] states should be brought to Bibracte,
to the chief magistrate; they burned the town to prevent its being
of any service to the Romans, as they were of opinion that they could
not hold it; they carried away in their vessels whatever corn they
could in the hurry, they destroyed the remainder, by [throwing it]
into the river or setting it on fire, they themselves began to collect
forces from the neighboring country, to place guards and garrisons
in different positions along the banks of the Loire, and to display
the cavalry on all sides to strike terror into the Romans, [to try]
if they could cut them off from a supply of provisions. In which expectation
they were much aided, from the circumstance that the Loire had swollen
to such a degree from the melting of the snows, that it did not seem
capable of being forded at all.

Chapter 56

Caesar on being informed of these movements was of opinion that he
ought to make haste, even if he should run some risk in completing
the bridges, in order that he might engage before greater forces of
the enemy should be collected in that place. For no one even then
considered it an absolutely necessary act, that changing his design
he should direct his march into the Province, both because the infamy
and disgrace of the thing, and the intervening mount Cevennes, and
the difficulty of the roads prevented him; and especially because
he had serious apprehensions for the safety of Labienus whom he had
detached, and those legions whom he had sent with him. Therefore,
having made very long marches by day and night, he came to the river
Loire, contrary to the expectation of all; and having by means of
the cavalry, found out a ford, suitable enough considering the emergency,
of such depth that their arms and shoulders could be above water for
supporting their accoutrements, he dispersed his cavalry in such a
manner as to break the force of the current, and having confounded
the enemy at the first sight, led his army across the river in safety;
and finding corn and cattle in the fields, after refreshing his army
with them, he determined to march into the country of the Senones.

Chapter 57

While these things are being done by Caesar, Labienus, leaving at
Agendicum the recruits who had lately arrived from Italy, to guard
the baggage, marches with four legions to Lutetia (which is a town
of the Parisii, situated on an island on the river Seine), whose arrival
being discovered by the enemy, numerous forces arrived from the neighboring
states. The supreme command is intrusted to Camalugenus one of the
Aulerci, who, although almost worn out with age, was called to that
honor on account of his extraordinary knowledge of military tactics.
He, when he observed that there was a large marsh which communicated
with the Seine, and rendered all that country impassable, encamped
there, and determined to prevent our troops from passing it.

Chapter 58

Labienus at first attempted to raise Vineae, fill up the marsh with
hurdles and clay, and secure a road. After he perceived that this
was too difficult to accomplish, he issued in silence from his camp
at the third watch, and reached Melodunum by the same route by which
he came. This is a town of the Senones, situated on an island in the
Seine, as we have just before observed of Lutetia. Having seized upon
about fifty ships and quickly joined them together, and having placed
soldiers in them, he intimidated by his unexpected arrival the inhabitants,
of whom a great number had been called out to the war, and obtains
possession of the town without a contest. Having repaired the bridge,
which the enemy had broken down during the preceding days, he led
over his army, and began to march along the banks of the river to
Lutetia. The enemy, on learning the circumstance from those who had
escaped from Melodunum, set fire to Lutetia, and order the bridges
of that town to be broken down: they themselves set out from the marsh,
and take their position on the banks of the Seine, over against Lutetia
and opposite the camp of Labienus.

Chapter 59

Caesar was now reported to have departed from Gergovia; intelligence
was likewise brought to them concerning the revolt of the Aedui, and
a successful rising in Gaul; and that Caesar, having been prevented
from prosecuting his journey and crossing the Loire, and having been
compelled by the want of corn, had marched hastily to the province.
But the Bellovaci, who had been previously disaffected of themselves,
on learning the revolt of the Aedui, began to assemble forces and
openly to prepare for war. Then Labienus, as the change in affairs
was so great, thought that he must adopt a very different system from
what he had previously intended, and he did not now think of making
any new acquisitions, or of provoking the enemy to an action; but
that he might bring back his army safe to Agendicum. For, on one side,
the Bellovaci, a state which held the highest reputation for prowess
in Gaul, were pressing on him; and Camulogenus, with a disciplined
and well-equipped army, held the other side; moreover, a very great
river separated and cut off the legions from the garrison and baggage.
He saw that, in consequence of such great difficulties being thrown
in his way, he must seek aid from his own energy of disposition.

Chapter 60

Having, therefore, called a council of war a little before evening,
he exhorted his soldiers to execute with diligence and energy such
commands as he should give; he assigns the ships which he had brought
from Melodunum to Roman knights, one to each, and orders them to fall
down the river silently for four miles, at the end of the fourth watch,
and there wait for him. He leaves the five cohorts, which he considered
to be the most steady in action, to guard the camp; he orders the
five remaining cohorts of the same legion to proceed a little after
midnight up the river with all their baggage, in a great tumult. He
collects also some small boats; and sends them in the same direction,
with orders to make a loud noise in rowing. He himself, a little after,
marched out in silence, and, at the head of three legions, seeks that
place to which he had ordered the ships to be brought.

Chapter 61

When he had arrived there, the enemy's scouts, as they were stationed
along every part of the river, not expecting an attack, because a
great storm had suddenly arisen, were surprised by our soldiers: the
infantry and cavalry are quickly transported, under the superintendence
of the Roman knights, whom he had appointed to that office. Almost
at the same time, a little before daylight, intelligence was given
to the enemy that there was an unusual tumult in the camp of the Romans,
and that a strong force was marching up the river, and that the sound
of oars was distinctly heard in the same quarter, and that soldiers
were being conveyed across in ships a little below. On hearing these
things, because they were of opinion that the legions were passing
in three different places, and that the entire army, being terrified
by the revolt of the Aedui, were preparing for flight, they divided
their forces also into three divisions. For leaving a guard opposite
to the camp and sending a small body in the direction of Metiosedum,
with orders to advance as far as the ships would proceed, they led
the rest of their troops against Labienus.

Chapter 62

By day-break all our soldiers were brought across, and the army of
the enemy was in sight. Labienus, having encouraged his soldiers "to
retain the memory of their ancient valor, and so many most successful
actions, and imagine Caesar himself, under whose command they had
so often routed the enemy, to be present," gives the signal for action.
At the first onset the enemy are beaten and put to flight in the right
wing, where the seventh legion stood: on the left wing, which position
the twelfth legion held, although the first ranks fell transfixed
by the javelins of the Romans, yet the rest resisted most bravely;
nor did any one of them show the slightest intention of flying. Camulogenus,
the general of the enemy, was present and encouraged his troops. But
when the issue of the victory was still uncertain, and the circumstances
which were taking place on the left wing were announced to the tribunes
of the seventh legion, they faced about their legion to the enemy's
rear and attacked it: not even then did any one retreat, but all were
surrounded and slain. Camulogenus met the same fate. But those who
were left as a guard opposite the camp of Labienus, when they heard
that the battle was commenced, marched to aid their countrymen and
take possession of a hill, but were unable to withstand the attack
of the victorious soldiers. In this manner, mixed with their own fugitives,
such as the woods and mountains did not shelter were cut to pieces
by our cavalry. When this battle was finished, Labienus returns to
Agendicum, where the baggage of the whole army had been left: from
it he marched with all his forces to Caesar.

Chapter 63

The revolt of the Aedui being known, the war grows more dangerous.
Embassies are sent by them in all directions: as far as they can prevail
by influence, authority, or money, they strive to excite the state
[to revolt]. Having got possession of the hostages whom Caesar had
deposited with them, they terrify the hesitating by putting them to
death. The Aedui request Vercingetorix to come to them and communicate
his plans of conducting the war. On obtaining this request they insist
that the chief command should be assigned to them; and when the affair
became a disputed question, a council of all Gaul is summoned to Bibracte.
They came together in great numbers and from every quarter to the
same place. The decision is left to the votes of the mass; all to
a man approve of Vercingetorix as their general. The Remi, Lingones,
and Treviri were absent from this meeting; the two former because
they attached themselves to the alliance of Rome; the Treviri because
they were very remote and were hard pressed by the Germans; which
was also the reason of their being absent during the whole war, and
their sending auxiliaries to neither party. The Aedui are highly indignant
at being deprived of the chief command; they lament the change of
fortune, and miss Caesar's indulgence toward them; however, after
engaging in the war, they do not dare to pursue their own measures
apart from the rest. Eporedirix and Viridomarus, youths of the greatest
promise, submit reluctantly to Vercingetorix.

Chapter 64

The latter demands hostages from the remaining states; nay, more,
appointed a day for this proceeding; he orders all the cavalry, fifteen
thousand in number, to quickly assemble here; he says that he will
be content with the infantry which he had before, and would not tempt
fortune nor come to a regular engagement; but since he had abundance
of cavalry, it would be very easy for him to prevent the Romans from
obtaining forage or corn, provided that they themselves should resolutely
destroy their corn and set fire to their houses; by which sacrifice
of private property they would evidently obtain perpetual dominion
and freedom. After arranging these matters, he levies ten thousand
infantry on the Aedui and Segusiani, who border on our province: to
these he adds eight hundred horse. He sets over them the brother of
Eporedirix, and orders him to wage war against the Allobroges. On
the other side he sends the Gabali and the nearest cantons of the
Arverni against the Helvii; he likewise sends the Ruteni and Cadurci
to lay waste the territories of the Volcae Arecomici. Besides, by
secret messages and embassies, he tampers with the Allobroges, whose
minds, he hopes, had not yet settled down after the excitement of
the late war. To their nobles he promises money, and to their state
the dominion of the whole province.

Chapter 65

The only guards provided against all these contingencies were twenty-two
cohorts, which were collected from the entire province by Lucius Caesar,
the lieutenant, and opposed to the enemy in every quarter. The Helvii,
voluntarily engaging in battle with their neighbors, are defeated,
and Caius Valerius Donotaurus, the son of Caburus, the principal man
of the state, and several others, being slain, they are forced to
retire within their towns and fortifications. The Allobroges, placing
guards along the course of the Rhine, defend their frontiers with
great vigilance and energy. Caesar, as he perceived that the enemy
were superior in cavalry, and he himself could receive no aid from
the Province or Italy, while all communication was cut off, sends
across the Rhine into Germany to those states which he had subdued
in the preceding campaigns, and summons from them cavalry and the
light-armed infantry, who were accustomed to engage among them. On
their arrival, as they were mounted on unserviceable horses, he takes
horses from the military tribunes and the rest, nay, even from the
Roman knights and veterans, and distributes them among the Germans.

Chapter 66

In the mean time, whilst these things are going on, the forces of
the enemy from the Arverni, and the cavalry which had been demanded
from all Gaul, meet together. A great number of these having been
collected, when Caesar was marching into the country of the Sequani,
through the confines of the Lingones, in order that he might the more
easily render aid to the province, Vercingetorix encamped in three
camps, about ten miles from the Romans: and having summoned the commanders
of the cavalry to a council, he shows that the time of victory was
come; that the Romans were fleeing into the Province and leaving Gaul;
that this was sufficient for obtaining immediate freedom; but was
of little moment in acquiring peace and tranquillity for the future;
for the Romans would return after assembling greater forces and would
not put an end to the war. Therefore they should attack them on their
march, when encumbered. If the infantry should [be obliged to] relieve
their cavalry, and be retarded by doing so, the march could not be
accomplished: if, abandoning their baggage they should provide for
their safety (a result which, he trusted, was more like to ensue),
they would lose both property and character. For as to the enemy's
horse, they ought not to entertain a doubt that none of them would
dare to advance beyond the main body. In order that they [the Gauls]
may do so with greater spirit, he would marshal all their forces before
the camp, and intimidate the enemy. The cavalry unanimously shout
out, "That they ought to bind themselves by a most sacred oath, that
he should not be received under a roof, nor have access to his children,
parents, or wife, who shall not twice have ridden through the enemy's
army."

Chapter 67

This proposal receiving general approbation, and all being forced
to take the oath, on the next day the cavalry were divided into three
parts, and two of these divisions made a demonstration on our two
flanks; while one in front began to obstruct our march. On this circumstance
being announced, Caesar orders his cavalry also to form three divisions
and charge the enemy. Then the action commences simultaneously in
every part: the main body halts; the baggage is received within the
ranks of the legions. If our men seemed to be distressed, or hard
pressed in any quarter, Caesar usually ordered the troops to advance,
and the army to wheel round in that quarter; which conduct retarded
the enemy in the pursuit, and encouraged our men by the hope of support.
At length the Germans, on the right wing, having gained the top of
the hill, dislodge the enemy from their position and pursue them even
as far as the river at which Vercingetorix with the infantry was stationed,
and slay several of them. The rest, on observing this action, fearing
lest they should be surrounded, betake themselves to flight. A slaughter
ensues in every direction, and three of the noblest of the Aedui are
taken and brought to Caesar: Cotus, the commander of the cavalry,
who had been engaged in the contest with Convictolitanis the last
election, Cavarillus, who had held the command of the infantry after
the revolt of Litavicus, and Eporedirix, under whose command the Aedui
had engaged in war against the Sequani, before the arrival of Caesar.

Chapter 68

All his cavalry being routed, Vercingetorix led back his troops in
the same order as he had arranged them before the camp, and immediately
began to march to Alesia, which is a town of the Mandubii, and ordered
the baggage to be speedily brought forth from the camp, and follow
him closely. Caesar, having conveyed his baggage to the nearest hill,
and having left two legions to guard it, pursued as far as the time
of day would permit, and after slaying about three thousand of the
rear of the enemy, encamped at Alesia on the next day. On reconnoitering
the situation of the city, finding that the enemy were panic-stricken,
because the cavalry in which they placed their chief reliance, were
beaten, he encouraged his men to endure the toil, and began to draw
a line of circumvallation round Alesia.

Chapter 69

The town itself was situated on the top of a hill, in a very lofty
position, so that it did not appear likely to be taken, except by
a regular siege. Two rivers, on two different sides, washed the foot
of the hill. Before the town lay a plain of about three miles in length;
on every other side hills at a moderate distance, and of an equal
degree of height, surrounded the town. The army of the Gauls had filled
all the space under the wall, comprising a part of the hill which
looked to the rising sun, and had drawn in front a trench and a stone
wall six feet high. The circuit of that fortification, which was commenced
by the Romans, comprised eleven miles. The camp was pitched in a strong
position, and twenty-three redoubts were raised in it, in which sentinels
were placed by day, lest any sally should be made suddenly; and by
night the same were occupied by watches and strong guards.

Chapter 70

The work having been begun, a cavalry action ensues in that plain,
which we have already described as broken by hills, and extending
three miles in length. The contest is maintained on both sides with
the utmost vigor; Caesar sends the Germans to aid our troops when
distressed, and draws up the legions in front of the camp, lest any
sally should be suddenly made by the enemy's infantry. The courage
of our men is increased by the additional support of the legions;
the enemy being put to flight, hinder one another by their numbers,
and as only the narrower gates were left open, are crowded together
in them; then the Germans pursue them with vigor even to the fortifications.
A great slaughter ensues; some leave their horses, and endeavor to
cross the ditch and climb the wall. Caesar orders the legions which
he had drawn up in front of the rampart to advance a little. The Gauls,
who were within the fortifications, were no less panic-stricken, thinking
that the enemy were coming that moment against them, and unanimously
shout "to arms;" some in their alarm rush into the town; Vercingetorix
orders the gates to be shut, lest the camp should be left undefended.
The Germans retreat, after slaying many and taking several horses.

Chapter 71

Vercingetorix adopts the design of sending away all his cavalry by
night, before the fortifications should be completed by the Romans.
He charges them when departing "that each of them should go to his
respective state, and press for the war all who were old enough to
bear arms; he states his own merits, and conjures them to consider
his safety, and not surrender him who had deserved so well of the
general freedom, to the enemy for torture; he points out to them that,
if they should be remiss, eighty thousand chosen men would perish
with him; that upon making a calculation, he had barely corn for thirty
days, but could hold out a little longer by economy." After giving
these instructions he silently dismisses the cavalry in the second
watch, [on that side] where our works were not completed; he orders
all the corn to be brought to himself; he ordains capital punishment
to such as should not obey; he distributes among them, man by man,
the cattle, great quantities of which had been driven there by the
Mandubii; he began to measure out the corn sparingly, and by little
and little; he receives into the town all the forces which he had
posted in front of it. In this manner he prepares to await the succors
from Gaul, and carry on the war.

Chapter 72

Caesar, on learning these proceedings from the deserters and captives,
adopted the following system of fortification; he dug a trench twenty
feet deep, with perpendicular sides, in such a manner that the base
of this trench should extend so far as the edges were apart at the
top. He raised all his other works at a distance of four hundred feet
from that ditch; [he did] that with this intention, lest (since he
necessarily embraced so extensive an area, and the whole works could
not be easily surrounded by a line of soldiers) a large number of
the enemy should suddenly, or by night, sally against the fortifications;
or lest they should by day cast weapons against our men while occupied
with the works. Having left this interval, he drew two trenches fifteen
feet broad, and of the same depth; the innermost of them, being in
low and level ground, he filled with water conveyed from the river.
Behind these he raised a rampart and wall twelve feet high; to this
he added a parapet and battlements, with large stakes cut like stags'
horns, projecting from the junction of the parapet and battlements,
to prevent the enemy from scaling it, and surrounded the entire work
with turrets, which were eighty feet distant from one another.

Chapter 73

It was necessary, at one and the same time, to procure timber [for
the rampart], lay in supplies of corn, and raise also extensive fortifications,
and the available troops were in consequence of this reduced in number,
since they used to advance to some distance from the camp, and sometimes
the Gauls endeavored to attack our works, and to make a sally from
the town by several gates and in great force. Caesar thought that
further additions should be made to these works, in order that the
fortifications might be defensible by a small number of soldiers.
Having, therefore, cut down the trunks of trees or very thick branches,
and having stripped their tops of the bark, and sharpened them into
a point, he drew a continued trench every where five feet deep. These
stakes being sunk into this trench, and fastened firmly at the bottom,
to prevent the possibility of their being torn up, had their branches
only projecting from the ground. There were five rows in connection
with, and intersecting each other; and whoever entered within them
were likely to impale themselves on very sharp stakes. The soldiers
called these "cippi." Before these, which were arranged in oblique
rows in the form of a quincunx, pits three feet deep were dug, which
gradually diminished in depth to the bottom. In these pits tapering
stakes, of the thickness of a man's thigh; sharpened at the top and
hardened in the fire, were sunk in such a manner as to project from
the ground not more than four inches; at the same time for the purpose
of giving them strength and stability, they were each filled with
trampled clay to the height of one foot from the bottom: the rest
of the pit was covered over with osiers and twigs, to conceal the
deceit. Eight rows of this kind were dug, and were three feet distant
from each other. They called this a lily from its resemblance to that
flower. Stakes a foot long, with iron hooks attached to them, were
entirely sunk in the ground before these, and were planted in every
place at small intervals; these they called spurs.

Chapter 74

After completing these works, saving selected as level ground as he
could, considering the nature of the country, and having inclosed
an area of fourteen miles, he constructed, against an external enemy,
fortifications of the same kind in every respect, and separate from
these, so that the guards of the fortifications could not be surrounded
even by immense numbers, if such a circumstance should take place
owing to the departure of the enemy's cavalry; and in order that the
Roman soldiers might not be compelled to go out of the camp with great
risk, ho orders all to provide forage and corn for thirty days.

Chapter 75

While those things are carried on at Alesia, the Gauls, having convened
a council of their chief nobility, determine that all who could bear
arms should not be called out, which was the opinion of Vercingetorix,
but that a fixed number should be levied from each state; lest, when
so great a multitude assembled together, they could neither govern
nor distinguish their men, nor have the means of supplying them with
corn. They demand thirty-five thousand men from the Aedui and their
dependents, the Segusiani, Ambivareti, and Aulerci Brannovices; an
equal number from the Arverni in conjunction with the Eleuteti Cadurci,
Gabali, and Velauni, who were accustomed to be under the command of
the Arverni; twelve thousand each from the Senones, Sequani, Bituriges,
Sentones, Ruteni, and Carnutes; ten thousand from the Bellovaci; the
same number from the Lemovici; eight thousand each from the Pictones,
and Turoni, and Parisii, and Helvii; five thousand each from the Suessiones,
Ambiani, Mediomatrici, Petrocorii, Nervii, Morini, and Nitiobriges;
the same number from the Aulerci Cenomani; four thousand from the
Atrebates; three thousand each from the Bellocassi, Lexovii, and Aulerci
Eburovices; thirty thousand from the Rauraci, and Boii; six thousand
from all the states together, which border on the Atlantic, and which
in their dialect are called Armoricae (in which number are comprehended
the Curisolites, Rhedones, Ambibari, Caltes, Osismii, Lemovices, Veneti,
and Unelli). Of these the Bellovaci did not contribute their number,
as they said that they would wage war against the Romans on their
own account, and at their own discretion, and would not obey the order
of any one: however, at the request of Commius, they sent two thousand,
in consideration of a tie of hospitality which subsisted between him
and them.

Chapter 76

Caesar had, as we have previously narrated, availed himself of the
faithful and valuable services of this Commius, in Britain, in former
years: in consideration of which merits he had exempted from taxes
his [Commius's] state, and had conferred on Commius himself the country
of the Morini. Yet such was the unanimity of the Gauls in asserting
their freedom, and recovering their ancient renown in war, that they
were influenced neither by favors, nor by the recollection of private
friendship; and all earnestly directed their energies and resources
to that war, and collected eight thousand cavalry, and about two hundred
and forty thousand infantry. These were reviewed in the country of
the Aedui, and a calculation was made of their numbers: commanders
were appointed: the supreme command is intrusted to Commius the Atrebatian,
Viridomarus and Eporedirix the Aeduans, and Vergasillaunus the Arvernan,
the cousin-german of Vercingetorix. To them are assigned men selected
from each state, by whose advice the war should be conducted. All
march to Alesia, sanguine and full of confidence: nor was there a
single individual who imagined that the Romans could withstand the
sight of such an immense host: especially in an action carried on
both in front and rear, when [on the inside] the besieged would sally
from the town and attack the enemy, and on the outside so great forces
of cavalry and infantry would be seen.

Chapter 77

But those who were blockaded at Alesia, the day being past, on which
they had expected auxiliaries from their countrymen, and all their
corn being consumed ignorant of what was going on among the Aedui,
convened an assembly and deliberated on the exigency of their situation.
After various opinions had been expressed among them, some of which
proposed a surrender, others a sally, while their strength would support
it, the speech of Critognatus ought not to be omitted for its singular
and detestable cruelty. He sprung from the noblest family among the
Arverni, and possessing great influence, says, "I shall pay no attention
to the opinion of those who call a most disgraceful surrender by the
name of a capitulation; nor do I think that they ought to be considered
as citizens, or summoned to the council. My business is with those
who approve of a sally: in whose advice the memory of our ancient
prowess seems to dwell in the opinion of you all. To be unable to
bear privation for a short time is disgraceful cowardice, not true
valor. Those who voluntarily offer themselves to death are more easily
found than those who would calmly endure distress. And I would approve
of this opinion (for honor is a powerful motive with me), could I
foresee no other loss, save that of life; but let us, in adopting
our design, look back on all Gaul, which we have stirred up to our
aid. What courage do you think would our relatives and friends have,
if eighty thousand men were butchered in one spot, supposing that
they should be forced to come to an action almost over our corpses?
Do not utterly deprive them of your aid, for they have spurned all
thoughts of personal danger on account of your safety; nor by your
folly, rashness, and cowardice, crush all Gaul and doom it to an eternal
slavery. Do you doubt their fidelity and firmness because they have
not come at the appointed day? What then? Do you suppose that the
Romans are employed every day in the outer fortifications for mere
amusement? If you can not be assured by their dispatches, since every
avenue is blocked up, take the Romans as evidence that there approach
is drawing near; since they, intimidated by alarm at this, labor night
and day at their works. What, therefore, is my design? To do as our
ancestors did in the war against the Cimbri and Teutones, which was
by no means equally momentous who, when driven into their towns, and
oppressed by similar privations, supported life by the corpses of
those who appeared useless for war on account of their age, and did
not surrender to the enemy: and even if we had not a precedent for
such cruel conduct, still I should consider it most glorious that
one should be established, and delivered to posterity. For in what
was that war like this? The Cimbri, after laying Gaul waste, and inflicting
great calamities, at length departed from our country, and sought
other lands; they left us our rights, laws, lands, and liberty. But
what other motive or wish have the Romans, than, induced by envy,
to settle in the lands and states of those whom they have learned
by fame to be noble and powerful in war, and impose on them perpetual
slavery? For they never have carried on wars on any other terms. But
if you know not these things which are going on in distant countries,
look to the neighboring Gaul, which being reduced to the form of a
province, stripped of its rights and laws, and subjected to Roman
despotism, is oppressed by perpetual slavery."

Chapter 78

When different opinions were expressed, they determined that those
who, owing to age or ill health, were unserviceable for war, should
depart from the town, and that themselves should try every expedient
before they had recourse to the advice of Critognatus: however, that
they would rather adopt that design, if circumstances should compel
them and their allies should delay, than accept any terms of a surrender
or peace. The Mandubii, who had admitted them into the town, are compelled
to go forth with their wives and children. When these came to the
Roman fortifications, weeping, they begged of the soldiers by every
entreaty to receive them as slaves and relieve them with food. But
Caesar, placing guards on the rampart, forbade them to be admitted.

Chapter 79

In the mean time, Commius and the rest of the leaders, to whom the
supreme command had been intrusted, came with all their forces to
Alesia, and having occupied the entire hill, encamped not more than
a mile from our fortifications. The following day, having led forth
their cavalry from the camp, they fill all that plain, which, we have
related, extended three miles in length, and drew out their infantry
a little from that place, and post them on the higher ground. The
town Alesia commanded a view of the whole plain. The besieged run
together when these auxiliaries were seen; mutual congratulations
ensue, and the minds of all are elated with joy. Accordingly, drawing
out their troops, they encamp before the town, and cover the nearest
trench with hurdles and fill it up with earth, and make ready for
a sally and every casualty.

Chapter 80

Caesar, having stationed his army on both sides of the fortifications,
in order that, if occasion should arise, each should hold and know
his own post, orders the cavalry to issue forth from the camp and
commence action. There was a commanding view from the entire camp,
which occupied a ridge of hills; and the minds of all the soldiers
anxiously awaited the issue of the battle. The Gauls had scattered
archers and light-armed infantry here and there, among their cavalry,
to give relief to their retreating troops, and sustain the impetuosity
of our cavalry. Several of our soldiers were unexpectedly wounded
by these, and left the battle. When the Gauls were confident that
their countrymen were the conquerors in the action, and beheld our
men hard pressed by numbers, both those who were hemmed in by the
line of circumvallation and those who had come to aid them, supported
the spirits of their men by shouts and yells from every quarter. As
the action was carried on in sight of all, neither a brave nor cowardly
act could be concealed; both the desire of praise and the fear of
ignominy, urged on each party to valor. After fighting from noon almost
to sunset, without victory inclining in favor of either, the Germans,
on one side, made a charge against the enemy in a compact body, and
drove them back; and, when they were put to flight, the archers were
surrounded and cut to pieces. In other parts, likewise, our men pursued
to the camp the retreating enemy, and did not give them an opportunity
of rallying. But those who had come forth from Alesia returned into
the town dejected and almost despairing of success.

Chapter 81

The Gauls, after the interval of a day and after making, during that
time, an immense number of hurdles, scaling-ladders, and iron hooks,
silently went forth from the camp at midnight and approached the fortifications
in the plain. Raising a shout suddenly, that by this intimation those
who were beseiged in the town might learn their arrival, they began
to cast down hurdles and dislodge our men from the rampart by slings,
arrows, and stones, and executed the other movements which are requisite
in storming. At the same time, Vercingetorix, having heard the shout,
gives the signal to his troops by a trumpet, and leads them forth
from the town. Our troops, as each man's post had been assigned him
some days before, man the fortifications; they intimidate the Gauls
by slings, large stones, stakes which they had placed along the works,
and bullets. All view being prevented by the darkness, many wounds
are received on both sides; several missiles, are thrown from the
engines. But Marcus Antonius, and Caius Trebonius, the lieutenants,
to whom the defense of these parts had been allotted, draughted troops
from the redoubts which were more remote, and sent them to aid our
troops, in whatever direction they understood that they were hard
pressed.

Chapter 82

While the Gauls were at a distance from the fortification, they did
more execution, owing to the immense number of their weapons: after
they came nearer, they either unawares empaled themselves on the spurs,
or were pierced by the mural darts from the ramparts and towers, and
thus perished. After receiving many wounds on all sides, and having
forced no part of the works, when day drew nigh, fearing lest they
should be surrounded by a sally made from the higher camp on the exposed
flank, they retreated to their countrymen. But those within, while
they bring forward those things which had been prepared by Vercingetorix
for a sally, fill up the nearest trenches; having delayed a long time
in executing these movements, they learned the retreat of their countrymen
before they drew nigh to the fortifications. Thus they returned to
the town without accomplishing their object.

Chapter 83

The Gauls, having been twice repulsed with great loss, consult what
they should do; they avail themselves of the information of those
who were well acquainted with the country; from them they ascertain
the position and fortification of the upper camp. There was, on the
north side, a hill, which our men could not include in their works,
on account of the extent of the circuit, and had necessarily made
their camp in ground almost disadvantageous, and pretty steep. Caius
Antistius Reginus, and Caius Caninius Rebilus, two of the lieutenants,
with two legions, were in possession of this camp. The leaders of
the enemy, having reconnoitered the country by their scouts, select
from the entire army sixty thousand men, belonging to those states,
which bear the highest character for courage; they privately arrange
among themselves what they wished to be done, and in what manner;
they decide that the attack should take place when it should seem
to be noon. They appoint over their forces Vergasillaunus, the Arvernian,
one of the four generals, and a near relative of Vercingetorix. He,
having issued from the camp at the first watch, and having almost
completed his march a little before the dawn, hid himself behind the
mountain, and ordered his soldiers to refresh themselves after their
labor during the night. When noon now seemed to draw nigh, he marched
hastily against that camp which we have mentioned before; and, at
the same time, the cavalry began to approach the fortifications in
the plain, and the rest of the forces to make a demonstration in front
of the camp.

Chapter 84

Vercingetorix, having beheld his countrymen from the citadel of Alesia,
issues forth from the town; he brings forth from the camp long hooks,
movable pent-houses, mural hooks, and other things, which he had prepared
for the purpose of making a sally. They engage on all sides at once
and every expedient is adopted. They flocked to whatever part of the
works seemed weakest. The army of the Romans is distributed along
their extensive lines, and with difficulty meets the enemy in every
quarter. The shouts which were raised by the combatants in their rear,
had a great tendency to intimidate our men, because they perceived
that their danger rested on the valor of others: for generally all
evils which are distant most powerfully alarm men's minds.

Chapter 85

Caesar, having selected a commanding situation, sees distinctly whatever
is going on in every quarter, and sends assistance to his troops when
hard pressed. The idea uppermost in the minds of both parties is,
that the present is the time in which they would have the fairest
opportunity of making a struggle; the Gauls despairing of all safety,
unless they should succeed in forcing the lines: the Romans expecting
an end to all their labors if they should gain the day. The principal
struggle is at the upper lines, to which as we have said Vergasillaunus
was sent. The least elevation of ground, added to a declivity, exercises
a momentous influence. Some are casting missiles, others, forming
a testudo, advance to the attack; fresh men by turns relieve the wearied.
The earth, heaped up by all against the fortifications, gives the
means of ascent to the Gauls, and covers those works which the Romans
had concealed in the ground. Our men have no longer arms or strength.

Chapter 86

Caesar, on observing these movements, sends Labienus with six cohorts
to relieve his distressed soldiers: he orders him, if he should be
unable to withstand them, to draw off the cohorts and make a sally;
but not to do this except through necessity. He himself goes to the
rest, and exhorts them not to succumb to the toil; he shows them that
the fruits of all former engagements depend on that day and hour.
The Gauls within, despairing of forcing the fortifications in the
plains on account of the greatness of the works, attempt the places
precipitous in ascent: hither they bring the engines which they had
prepared; by the immense number of their missiles they dislodge the
defenders from the turrets: they fill the ditches with clay and hurdles,
then clear the way; they tear down the rampart and breast-work with
hooks.

Chapter 87

Caesar sends at first young Brutus, with six cohorts, and afterward
Caius Fabius, his lieutenant, with seven others: finally, as they
fought more obstinately, he leads up fresh men to the assistance of
his soldiers. After renewing the action, and repulsing the enemy,
he marches in the direction in which he had sent Labienus, drafts
four cohorts from the nearest redoubt, and orders part of the cavalry
to follow him, and part to make the circuit of the external fortifications
and attack the enemy in the rear. Labienus, when neither the ramparts
or ditches could check the onset of the enemy, informs Caesar by messengers
of what he intended to do. Caesar hastens to share in the action.

Chapter 88

His arrival being known from the color of his robe, and the troops
of cavalry, and the cohorts which he had ordered to follow him being
seen, as these low and sloping grounds were plainly visible from the
eminences, the enemy join battle. A shout being raised by both sides,
it was succeeded by a general shout along the ramparts and whole line
of fortifications. Our troops, laying aside their javelins, carry
on the engagement with their swords. The cavalry is suddenly seen
in the rear of the Gauls; the other cohorts advance rapidly; the enemy
turn their backs; the cavalry intercept them in their flight, and
a great slaughter ensues. Sedulius the general and chief of the Lemovices
is slain; Vergasillaunus the Arvernian, is taken alive in the flight,
seventy-four military standards are brought to Caesar, and few out
of so great a number return safe to their camp. The besieged, beholding
from the town the slaughter and flight of their countrymen, despairing
of safety, lead back their troops from the fortifications. A flight
of the Gauls from their camp immediately ensues on hearing of this
disaster, and had not the soldiers been wearied by sending frequent
reinforcements, and the labor of the entire day, all the enemy's forces
could have been destroyed. Immediately after midnight, the cavalry
are sent out and overtake the rear, a great number are taken or cut
to pieces, the rest by flight escape in different directions to their
respective states. Vercingetorix, having convened a council the following
day, declares, "That he had undertaken that war, not on account of
his own exigences, but on account of the general freedom; and since
he must yield to fortune, he offered himself to them for either purpose,
whether they should wish to atone to the Romans by his death, or surrender
him alive. Embassadors are sent to Caesar on this subject. He orders
their arms to be surrendered, and their chieftains delivered up. He
seated himself at the head of the lines in front of the camp, the
Gallic chieftains are brought before him. They surrender Vercingetorix,
and lay down their arms. Reserving the Aedui and Arverni, [to try]
if he could gain over, through their influence, their respective states,
he distributes one of the remaining captives to each soldier, throughout
the entire army, as plunder.

Chapter 90

After making these arrangements, he marches into the [country of the]
Aedui, and recovers that state. To this place embassadors are sent
by the Arveni, who promise that they will execute his commands. He
demands a great number of hostages. He sends the legions to winter-quarters;
he restores about twenty thousand captives to the Aedui and Arverni;
he orders Titus Labienus to march into the [country of the] Sequani
with two legions and the cavalry, and to him he attaches Marcus Sempronius
Rutilus; he places Caius Fabius, and Lucius Minucius Basilus, with
two legions in the country of the Remi, lest they should sustain any
loss from the Bellovaci in their neighborhood. He sends Caius Antistius
Reginus into the [country of the] Ambivareti, Titus Sextius into the
territories of the Bituriges, and Caius Caninius Rebilus into those
of the Ruteni, with one legion each. He stations Quintus Tullius Cicero,
and Publius Sulpicius among the Aedui at Cabillo and Matisco on the
Saone, to procure supplies of corn. He himself determines to winter
at Bibracte. A supplication of twenty-days is decreed by the senate
at Rome, on learning these successes from Caesar's dispatches.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

BOOK 8

Chapter 0

Prevailed on by your continued solicitations, Balbus, I have engaged
in a most difficult task, as my daily refusals appear to plead not
my inability, but indolence, as an excuse. I have compiled a continuation
of the Commentaries of our Caesar's Wars in Gaul, not indeed to be
compared to his writings, which either precede or follow them; and
recently, I have completed what he left imperfect after the transactions
in Alexandria, to the end, not indeed of the civil broils, to which
we see no issue, but of Caesar's life. I wish that those who may read
them could know how unwillingly I undertook to write them, as then
I might the more readily escape the imputation of folly and arrogance,
in presuming to intrude among Caesar's writings. For it is agreed
on all hands, that no composition was ever executed with so great
care, that it is not exceeded in elegance by these Commentaries, which
were published for the use of historians, that they might not want
memoirs of such achievements; and they stand so high in the esteem
of all men, that historians seem rather deprived of, than furnished
with material. At which we have more reason to be surprised than other
men; for they can only appreciate the elegance and correctness with
which he finished them, while we know with what ease and expedition.
Caesar possessed not only an uncommon flow of language and elegance
of style, but also a thorough knowledge of the method of conveying
his ideas. But I had not even the good fortune to share in the Alexandrian
or African war; and though these were partly communicated to me by
Caesar himself, in conversation, yet we listen with a different degree
of attention to those things which strike us with admiration by their
novelty, and those which we design to attest to posterity. But, in
truth, while I urge every apology, that I may not be compared to Caesar,
I incur the charge of vanity, by thinking it possible that I can in
the judgment of any one be put in competition with him. Farewell.

Chapter 1

Gaul being entirely reduced, when Caesar having waged war incessantly
during the former summer, wished to recruit his soldiers after so
much fatigue, by repose in winter quarters, news was brought him that
several states were simultaneously renewing their hostile intention,
and forming combinations. For which a probable reason was assigned;
namely, that the Gauls were convinced that they were not able to resist
the Romans, with any force they could collect in one place; and hoped
that if several states made war in different places at the same time,
the Roman army would neither have aid, nor time, nor forces, to prosecute
them all: nor ought any single state to decline any inconveniences
that might befall them, provided that by such delay, the rest should
be enabled to assert their liberty.

Chapter 2

That this notion might not be confirmed among the Gauls, Caesar left
Marcus Antonius, his questor, in charge of his quarters, and set out
himself with a guard of horse, the day before the kalends of January,
from the town Bibracte, to the thirteenth legion, which he had stationed
in the country of the Bituriges, not far from the territories of the
Aedui, and joined to it the eleventh legion which was next it. Leaving
two cohorts to guard the baggage, he leads the rest of his army into
the most plentiful part of the country of the Bituriges; who, possessing
an extensive territory and several towns, were not to be deterred,
by a single legion quartered among them, from making warlike preparation,
and forming combinations.

Chapter 3

By Caesar's sudden arrival, it happened, as it necessarily must, to
an unprovided and dispersed people, that they were surprised by our
horse, while cultivating the fields without any apprehensions, before
they had time to fly to their towns. For the usual sign of an enemy's
invasion, which is generally intimated by the burning of their towns,
was forbidden by Caesar's orders; lest if he advanced far, forage
and corn should become scarce, or the enemy be warned by the fires
to make their escape. Many thousands being taken, as many of the Bituriges
as were able to escape the first coming of the Romans, fled to the
neighboring states, relying either on private friendship, or public
alliance. In vain; for Caesar, by hasty marches, anticipated them
in every place, nor did he allow any state leisure to consider the
safety of others, in preference to their own. By this activity, he
both retained his friends in their loyalty, and by fear, obliged the
wavering to accept offers of peace. Such offers being made to the
Bituriges, when they perceived that through Caesar's clemency, an
avenue was open to his friendship, and that the neighboring states
had given hostages, without incurring any punishment, and had been
received under his protection, they did the same.

Chapter 4

Caesar promises his soldiers, as a reward for their labor and patience,
in cheerfully submitting to hardships from the severity of the winter,
the difficulty of the roads, and the intolerable cold, two hundred
sestertii each, and to every centurian two thousand, to be given instead
of plunder: and sending his legions back to quarters, he himself returned
on the fortieth day to Bibracte. While he was dispensing justice there,
the Bituriges send embassadors to him, to entreat his aid against
the Carnutes, who they complained had made war against them. Upon
this intelligence, though he had not remained more than eighteen days
in winter quarters, he draws the fourteenth and sixth legion out of
quarters on the Saone, where he had posted them as mentioned in a
former Commentary, to procure supplies of corn. With these two legions
he marches in pursuit of the Carnutes.

Chapter 5

When the news of the approach of our army reached the enemy, the Carnutes,
terrified by the suffering of other states, deserted their villages
and towns (which were small buildings, raised in a hurry, to meet
the immediate necessity, in which they lived to shelter themselves
against the winter, for, being lately conquered, they had lost several
towns), and dispersed and fled. Caesar, unwilling to expose his soldiers
to the violent storms that break out, especially at that season, took
up his quarters at Genabum, a town of the Carnutes; and lodged his
men in houses, partly belonging to the Gauls, and partly built to
shelter the tents, and hastily covered with thatch. But the horse
and auxiliaries he sends to all parts to which he was told the enemy
had marched; and not without effect, as our men generally returned
loaded with booty. The Carnutes, overpowered by the severity of the
winter, and the fear of danger, and not daring to continue long in
any place, as they were driven from their houses, and not finding
sufficient protection in the woods, from the violence of the storms,
after losing a considerable number of their men, disperse, and take
refuge among the neighboring states.

Chapter 6

Caesar, being contented, at so severe a season, to disperse the gathering
foes, and prevent any new war from breaking out, and being convinced,
as far as reason could foresee, that no war of consequence could be
set on foot in the summer campaign, stationed Caius Trebonius, with
the two legions which he had with him, in quarters at Genabum: and
being informed by frequent embassies from the Remi, that the Bellovaci
(who exceed all the Gauls and Belgae in military prowess), and the
neighboring states, headed by Correus, one of the Bellovaci, and Comius,
the Atrebatian, were raising an army, and assembling at a general
rendezvous, designing with their united forces to invade the territories
of the Suessiones, who were put under the patronage of the Remi: and
moreover, considering that not only his honor, but his interest was
concerned, that such of his allies, as deserved well of the republic,
should suffer no calamity; he again draws the eleventh legion out
of quarters, and writes besides to Caius Fabius, to march with his
two legions to the country of the Suessiones; and he sends to Trebonius
for one of his two legions. Thus, as far as the convenience of the
quarters, and the management of the war admitted, he laid the burden
of the expedition on the legions by turns, without any intermission
to his own toils.

Chapter 7

As soon as his troops were collected, he marched against the Bellovaci:
and pitching his camp in their territories, detached troops of horse
all round the country, to take prisoners, from whom he might learn
the enemy's plan. The horse, having executed his orders bring him
back word, that but few were found in the houses: and that even these
had not stayed at home to cultivate their lands (for the emigration
was general from all parts) but had been sent back to watch our motions.
Upon Caesar's inquiring from them, where the main body of the Bellovaci
were posted, and what was their design: they made answer, "that all
the Bellovaci, fit for carrying arms, had assembled in one place,
and along with them the Ambiani, Aulerci, Caletes, Velocasses, and
Atrebates, and that they had chosen for their camp, an elevated position,
surrounded by a dangerous morass: that they had conveyed all their
baggage into the most remote woods: that several noblemen were united
in the management of the war; but that the people were most inclined
to be governed by Correus, because they knew that he had the strongest
aversion to the name of the Roman people: that a few days before Comius
had left the camp to engage the Germans to their aid whose nation
bordered on theirs, and whose numbers were countless: that the Bellovaci
had come to a resolution, with the consent of all the generals and
the earnest desire of the people, if Caesar should come with only
three legions, as was reported, to give him battle, that they might
not be obliged to encounter his whole army on a future occasion, when
they should be in a more wretched and distressed condition; but if
he brought a stronger force, they intended to remain in the position
they had chosen, and by ambuscade to prevent the Romans from getting
forage (which at that season was both scarce and much scattered),
corn, and other necessaries.

Chapter 8

When Caesar was convinced of the truth of this account from the concurring
testimony of several persons, and perceived that the plans which were
proposed were full of prudence, and very unlike the rash resolves
of a barbarous people, he considered it incumbent on him to use every
exertion, in order that the enemy might despise his small force and
come to an action. For he had three veteran legions of distinguished
valor, the seventh, eighth and ninth. The eleventh consisted of chosen
youth of great hopes, who had served eight campaigns, but who, compared
with the others, had not yet acquired any great reputation for experience
and valor. Calling therefore a council, and laying before it the intelligence
which he had received, he encouraged his soldiers. In order if possible
to entice the enemy to an engagement by the appearance of only three
legions, he ranged his army in the following manner, that the seventh,
eighth, and ninth legions should march before all the baggage; that
then the eleventh should bring up the rear of the whole train of baggage
(which however was but small, as is usual on such expeditions), so
that the enemy could not get a sight of a greater number than they
themselves were willing to encounter. By this disposition he formed
his army almost into a square, and brought them within sight of the
enemy sooner than was anticipated.

Chapter 9

When the Gauls, whose bold resolutions had been reported to Caesar,
saw the legions advance with a regular motion, drawn up in battle
array; either from the danger of an engagement, or our sudden approach,
or with the design of watching our movements, they drew up their forces
before the camp, and did not quit the rising ground. Though Caesar
wished to bring them to battle, yet being surprised to see so vast
a host of the enemy, he encamped opposite to them, with a valley between
them, deep rather than extensive. He ordered his camp to be fortified
with a rampart twelve feet high, with breastworks built on it proportioned
to its height and two trenches, each fifteen feet broad, with perpendicular
sides to be sunk: likewise several turrets, three stories high, to
be raised, with a communication to each other by galleries laid across
and covered over; which should be guarded in front by small parapets
of osiers; that the enemy might be repulsed by two rows of soldiers.
The one of whom, being more secure from danger by their height might
throw their darts with more daring and to a greater distance; the
other which was nearer the enemy, being stationed on the rampart,
would be protected by their galleries from darts falling on their
heads. At the entrance he erected gates and turrets of a considerable
height.

Chapter 10

Caesar had a double design in this fortification; for he both hoped
that the strength of his works, and his [apparent] fears would raise
confidence in the barbarians; and when there should be occasion to
make a distant excursion to get forage or corn, he saw that his camp
would be secured by the works with a very small force. In the mean
time there were frequent skirmishes across the marsh, a few on both
sides sallying out between the two camps. Sometimes, however, our
Gallic or German auxiliaries crossed the marsh, and furiously pursued
the enemy; or on the other hand the enemy passed it and beat back
our men. Moreover there happened in the course of our daily foraging,
what must of necessity happen, when corn is to be collected by a few
scattered men out of private houses, that our foragers dispersing
in an intricate country were surrounded by the enemy; by which, though
we suffered but an inconsiderable loss of cattle and servants, yet
it raised foolish hopes in the barbarians; but more especially, because
Comius, who I said had gone to get aid from the Germans, returned
with some cavalry, and though the Germans were only 500, yet the barbarians
were elated by their arrival.

Chapter 11

Caesar, observing that the enemy kept for several days within their
camp, which was well secured by a morass and its natural situation,
and that it could not be assaulted without a dangerous engagement,
nor the place inclosed with lines without an addition to his army,
wrote to Trebonius to send with all dispatch for the thirteenth legion
which was in winter quarters among the Bituriges under Titus Sextius,
one of his lieutenants; and then to come to him by forced marches
with the three legions. He himself sent the cavalry of the Remi, and
Lingones, and other states, from whom he had required a vast number,
to guard his foraging parties, and to support them in case of any
sudden attack of the enemy.

Chapter 12

As this continued for several days, and their vigilance was relaxed
by custom (an effect which is generally produced by time), the Bellovaci,
having made themselves acquainted with the daily stations of our horse,
lie in ambush with a select body of foot in a place covered with woods;
to it they sent their horse the next day, who were first to decoy
our men into the ambuscade, and then when they were surrounded, to
attack them. It was the lot of the Remi to fall into this snare, to
whom that day had been allotted to perform this duty; for, having
suddenly got sight of the enemy's cavalry, and despising their weakness,
in consequence of their superior numbers, they pursued them too eagerly,
and were surrounded on every side by the foot. Being, by this means
thrown into disorder they returned with more precipitation than is
usual in cavalry actions, with the loss of Vertiscus the governor
of their state, and the general of their horse, who, though scarcely
able to sit on horseback through years, neither, in accordance with
the custom of the Gauls, pleaded his age in excuse for not accepting
the command, nor would he suffer them to fight without him. The spirits
of the barbarians were puffed up, and inflated at the success of this
battle, in killing the prince, and general of the Remi; and our men
were taught by this loss, to examine the country, and post their guards
with more caution, and to be more moderate in pursuing a retreating
enemy.

Chapter 13

In the mean time daily skirmishes take place continually in view of
both camps; these were fought at the ford and pass of the morass.
In one of these contests the Germans, whom Caesar had brought over
the Rhine, to fight, intermixed with the horse, having resolutely
crossed the marsh, and slain the few who made resistance, and boldly
pursued the rest, so terrified them, that not only those who were
attacked hand to hand, or wounded at a distance, but even those who
were stationed at a greater distance to support them, fled disgracefully;
and being often beaten from the rising grounds, did not stop till
they had retired into their camp, or some, impelled by fear, had fled
further. Their danger threw their whole army into such confusion,
that it was difficult to judge whether they were more insolent after
a slight advantage or more dejected by a trifling calamity.

Chapter 14

After spending several days in the same camp, the guards of the Bellovaci,
learning that Caius Trebonius was advancing nearer with his legions,
and fearing a siege like that of Alesia, send off by night all who
were disabled by age or infirmity, or unarmed, and along with them
their whole baggage. While they are preparing their disorderly and
confused troop for march (for the Gauls are always attended by a vast
multitude of wagons, even when they have very light baggage), being
overtaken by day-light, they drew their forces out before their camp,
to prevent the Romans attempting a pursuit before the line of their
baggage had advanced to a considerable distance. But Caesar did not
think it prudent to attack them when standing on their defense, with
such a steep hill in their favor, nor keep his legions at such a distance
that they could quit their post without danger: but, perceiving that
his camp was divided from the enemy's by a deep morass, so difficult
to cross that he could not pursue with expedition, and that the hill
beyond the morass, which extended almost to the enemy's camp, was
separated from it only by a small valley, he laid a bridge over the
morass and led his army across, and soon reached the plain on the
top of the hill, which was fortified on either side by a steep ascent.
Having there drawn up his army in order of battle, he marched to the
furthest hill, from which he could, with his engines, shower darts
upon the thickest of the enemy.

Chapter 15

The Gauls, confiding in the natural strength of their position, though
they would not decline an engagement if the Romans attempted to ascend
the hill, yet dared not divide their forces into small parties, lest
they should be thrown into disorder by being dispersed, and therefore
remained in order of battle. Caesar, perceiving that they persisted
in their resolution, kept twenty cohorts in battle array, and, measuring
out ground there for a camp, ordered it to be fortified. Having completed
his works, he drew up his legions before the rampart and stationed
the cavalry in certain positions, with their horses bridled. When
the Bellovaci saw the Romans prepared to pursue them, and that they
could not wait the whole night, or continue longer in the same place
without provisions, they formed the following plan to secure a retreat.
They handed to one another the bundles of straw and sticks on which
they sat (for it is the custom of the Gauls to sit when drawn up in
order of battle, as has been asserted in former commentaries), of
which they had great plenty in their camp, and piled them in the front
of their line; and at the close of the day, on a certain signal, set
them all on fire at one and the same time. The continued blaze soon
screened all their forces from the sight of the Romans, which no sooner
happened than the barbarians fled with the greatest precipitation.

Chapter 16

Though Caesar could not perceive the retreat of the enemy for the
intervention of the fire, yet, suspecting that they had adopted that
method to favor their escape, he made his legions advance, and sent
a party of horse to pursue them; but, apprehensive of an ambuscade,
and that the enemy might remain in the same place and endeavor to
draw our men into a disadvantageous situation, he advances himself
but slowly. The horse, being afraid to venture into the smoke and
dense line of flame, and those who were bold enough to attempt it
being scarcely able to see their horse's heads, gave the enemy free
liberty to retreat, through fear of an ambuscade. Thus by a flight,
full at once of cowardice and address, they advanced without any loss
about ten miles, and encamped in a very strong position. From which,
laying numerous ambuscades, both of horse and foot, they did considerable
damage to the Roman foragers.

Chapter 17

After this had happened several times, Caesar discovered from a certain
prisoner, that Correus, the general of the Bellovaci, had selected
six thousand of his bravest foot and a thousand horse, with which
he designed to lie in ambush in a place to which he suspected the
Romans would send to look for forage, on account of the abundance
of corn and grass. Upon receiving information of their design Caesar
drew out more legions than he usually did, and sent forward his cavalry
as usual, to protect the foragers. With these he intermixed a guard
of light infantry, and himself advanced with the legions as fast as
he could.

Chapter 18

The Gauls, placed in ambush, had chosen for the seat of action a level
piece of ground, not more than a mile in extent, inclosed on every
side by a thick wood or a very deep river, as by a toil, and this
they surrounded. Our men, apprised of the enemy's design, marched
in good order to the ground, ready both in heart and hand to give
battle, and willing to hazard any engagement when the legions were
at their back. On their approach, as Correus supposed that he had
got an opportunity of effecting his purpose, he at first shows himself
with a small party and attacks the foremost troops. Our men resolutely
stood the charge, and did not crowd together in one place, as commonly
happens from surprise in engagements between the horse, whose numbers
prove injurious to themselves.

Chapter 19

When by the judicious arrangement of our forces only a few of our
men fought by turns, and did not suffer themselves to be surrounded,
the rest of the enemy broke out from the woods while Correus was engaged.
The battle was maintained in different parts with great vigor, and
continued for a long time undecided, till at length a body of foot
gradually advanced from the woods in order of battle and forced our
horse to give ground: the light infantry, which were sent before the
legions to the assistance of the cavalry, soon came up, and, mixing
with the horse, fought with great courage. The battle was for some
time doubtful, but, as usually happens, our men, who stood the enemy's
first charge, became superior from this very circumstance that, though
suddenly attacked from an ambuscade, they had sustained no loss. In
the mean time the legions were approaching, and several messengers
arrived with notice to our men and the enemy that the [Roman] general
was near at hand, with his forces in battle array. Upon this intelligence,
our men, confiding in the support of the cohorts, fought most resolutely,
fearing, lest if they should be slow in their operations they should
let the legions participate in the glory of the conquest. The enemy
lose courage and attempt to escape by different ways. In vain; for
they were themselves entangled in that labyrinth in which they thought
to entrap the Romans. Being defeated and put to the rout, and having
lost the greater part of their men, they fled in consternation whithersoever
chance carried them; some sought the woods, others the river, but
were vigorously pursued by our men and put to the sword. Yet, in the
mean time, Correus, unconquered by calamity, could not be prevailed
on to quit the field and take refuge in the woods, or accept our offers
of quarter, but, fighting courageously and wounding several, provoked
our men, elated with victory, to discharge their weapons against him.

Chapter 20

After this transaction, Caesar, having come up immediately after the
battle, and imagining that the enemy, upon receiving the news of so
great a defeat, would be so depressed that they would abandon their
camp, which was not above eight miles distant from the scene of action,
though he saw his passage obstructed by the river, yet he marched
his army over and advanced. But the Bellovaci and the other states,
being informed of the loss they had sustained by a few wounded men
who having escaped by the shelter of the woods, had returned to them
after the defeat, and learning that every thing had turned out unfavorable,
that Correus was slain, and the horse and most valiant of their foot
cut off, imagined that the Romans were marching against them, and
calling a council in haste by sound of trumpet, unanimously cry out
to send embassadors and hostages to Caesar.

Chapter 21

This proposal having met with general approbation, Comius the Atrebatian
fled to those Germans from whom he had borrowed auxiliaries for that
war. The rest instantly send embassadors to Caesar; and requested
that he would be contented with that punishment of his enemy, which
if he had possessed the power to inflict on them before the engagement,
when they were yet uninjured, they were persuaded from his usual clemency
and mercy, he never would have inflicted; that the power of the Bellovaci
was crushed by the cavalry action; that many thousand of their choicest
foot had fallen, that scarce a man had escaped to bring the fatal
news. That, however, the Bellovaci had derived from the battle one
advantage, of some importance, considering their loss; that Correus,
the author of the rebellion, and agitator of the people, was slain:
for that while he lived the senate had never equal influence in the
state with the giddy populace.

Chapter 22

Caesar reminded the embassadors who made these supplications, that
the Bellovaci had at the same season the year before, in conjunction
with other states of Gaul, undertaken a war, and that they had persevered
the most obstinately of all in their purpose, and were not brought
to a proper way of thinking by the submission of the rest: that he
knew and was aware that the guilt of a crime was easily transferred
to the dead; but that no one person could have such influence, as
to be able by the feeble support of the multitude to raise a war and
carry it on without the consent of the nobles, in opposition to the
senate, and in despite of every virtuous man; however he was satisfied
with the punishment, which they had drawn upon themselves.

Chapter 23

The night following the embassadors bring back his answer to their
countrymen and prepare the hostages. Embassadors flock in from the
other states, which were waiting for the issue of the [war with the]
Bellovaci: they give hostages, and receive his orders; all except
Comius, whose fears restrained him from intrusting his safety to any
person's honor. For the year before, while Caesar was holding the
assizes in Hither Gaul, Titus Labienus, having discovered that Comius
was tampering with the state, and raising a conspiracy against Caesar,
thought he might punish his infidelity without perfidy; but judging
that he would not come to his camp at his invitation, and unwilling
to put him on his guard by the attempt, he sent Caius Volusenus Quadratus,
with orders to have him put to death under pretense of conference.
To effect his purpose, he sent with him some chosen centurions. When
they came to the conference, and Volusenus, as had been agreed on,
had taken hold of Comius by the hand, and one of the centurions, as
if surprised at so uncommon an incident, attempted to kill him, he
was prevented by the friends of Comius, but wounded him severely in
the head by the first blow. Swords were drawn on both sides, not so
much with a design to fight as to effect an escape, our men believing
that Comius had received a mortal stroke; and the Gauls, from the
treachery which they had seen, dreading that a deeper design lay concealed.
Upon this transaction, it was said that Comius made a resolution never
to come within sight of any Roman.

Chapter 24

When Caesar, having completely conquered the most warlike nations,
perceived that there was now no state which could make preparations
for war to oppose him, but that some were removing and fleeing from
their country to avoid present subjection, he resolved to detach his
army into different parts of the country. He kept with himself Marcus
Antonius the quaestor, with the eleventh legion; Caius Fabius was
detached with twenty-five cohorts into the remotest part of Gaul,
because it was rumored that some states had risen in arms, and he
did not think that Caius Caninius Rebilus, who had the charge of that
country, was strong enough to protect it with two legions. He ordered
Titus Labienus to attend himself, and sent the twelfth legion which
had been under him in winter quarters, to Hither Gaul, to protect
the Roman colonies, and prevent any loss by the inroads of barbarians
similar to that which had happened the year before to the Tergestines,
who were cut off by a sudden depredation and attack. He himself marched
to depopulate the country of Ambiorix, whom he had terrified and forced
to fly, but despaired of being able to reduce under his power; but
he thought it most consistent with his honor to waste his country
both of inhabitants, cattle, and buildings, so that from the abhorrence
of his countrymen, if fortune suffered any to survive, he might be
excluded from a return to his state for the calamities which he had
brought on it.

Chapter 25

After he had sent either his legions or auxiliaries through every
part of Ambiorix's dominions, and wasted the whole country by sword,
fire, and rapine, and had killed or taken prodigious numbers, he sent
Labienus with two legions against the Treviri, whose state, from its
vicinity to Germany, being engaged in constant war, differed but little
from the Germans, in civilization and savage barbarity; and never
continued in its allegiance, except when awed by the presence of his
army.

Chapter 26

In the mean time Caius Caninius, a lieutenant, having received information
by letters and messages from Duracius, who had always continued in
friendship to the Roman people, though a part of his state had revolted,
that a great multitude of the enemy were in arms in the country of
the Pictones, marched to the town Limonum. When he was approaching
it, he was informed by some prisoners, that Duracius was shut up by
several thousand men, under the command of Dumnacus, general of the
Andes, and that Limonum was besieged, but not daring to face the enemy
with his weak legions, he encamped in a strong position: Dumnacus,
having notice of Caninius's approach, turned his whole force against
the legions, and prepared to assault the Roman camp. But after spending
several days in the attempt, and losing a considerable number of men,
without being able to make a breach in any part of the works, he returned
again to the siege of Limonum.

Chapter 27

At the same time, Caius Fabius, a lieutenant, brings back many states
to their allegiance, and confirms their submission by taking hostages;
he was then informed by letters from Caninius, of the proceedings
among the Pictones. Upon which he set off to bring assistance to Duracius.
But Dumnacus, hearing of the approach of Fabius, and despairing of
safety, if at the same time he should be forced to withstand the Roman
army without, and observe, and be under apprehension from the town's
people, made a precipitate retreat from that place with all his forces.
Nor did he think that he should be sufficiently secure from danger,
unless he led his army across the Loire, which was too deep a river
to pass except by a bridge. Though Fabius had not yet come within
sight of the enemy, nor joined Caninius; yet being informed of the
nature of the country, by persons acquainted with it, he judged it
most likely that the enemy would take that way, which he found they
did take. He therefore marched to that bridge with his army, and ordered
his cavalry to advance no farther before the legions than that they
could return to the same camp at night, without fatiguing their horses.
Our horse pursued according to orders, and fell upon Dumnacus's rear
and attacking them on their march, while fleeing, dismayed, and laden
with baggage, they slew a great number, and took a rich booty. Having
executed the affair so successfully, they retired to the camp.

Chapter 28

The night following, Fabius sent his horse before him, with orders
to engage the enemy, and delay their march till he himself should
come up. That his orders might be faithfully performed, Quintus Atius
Varus, general of the horse, a man of uncommon spirit and skill, encouraged
his men, and pursuing the enemy, disposed some of his troops in convenient
places, and with the rest gave battle to the enemy. The enemy's cavalry
made a bold stand, the foot relieving each other, and making a general
halt, to assist their horse against ours. The battle was warmly contested.
For our men, despising the enemy whom they had conquered the day before,
and knowing that the legions were following them, animated both by
the disgrace of retreating, and a desire of concluding the battle
expeditiously by their own courage, fought most valiantly against
the foot: and the enemy, imagining that no more forces would come
against them, as they had experienced the day before, thought they
had got a favorable opportunity of destroying our whole cavalry.

Chapter 29

After the conflict had continued for some time with great violence,
Dumnacus drew out his army in such a manner, that the foot should
by turns assist the horse. Then the legions, marching in close order,
came suddenly in sight of the enemy. At this sight, the barbarian
horse were so astonished, and the foot so terrified, that breaking
through the line of baggage, they betook themselves to flight with
a loud shout, and in great disorder. But our horse, who a little before
had vigorously engaged them, while they made resistance, being elated
with joy at their victory, raising a shout on every side, poured round
them as they ran, and as long as their horses had strength to pursue,
or their arms to give a blow, so long did they continue the slaughter
of the enemy in that battle, and having killed above twelve thousand
men in arms, or such as threw away their arms through fear, they took
their whole train of baggage.

Chapter 30

After this defeat, when it was ascertained that Drapes, a Senonian
(who in the beginning of the revolt of Gaul had collected from all
quarters men of desperate fortunes, invited the slaves to liberty,
called in the exiles of the whole kingdom, given an asylum to robbers,
and intercepted the Roman baggage and provisions), was marching to
the province with five thousand men, being all he could collect after
the defeat, and that Luterius a Cadurcian who, as it has been observed
in a former commentary, had designed to make an attack on the Province
in the first revolt of Gaul, had formed a junction with him, Caius
Caninius went in pursuit of them with two legions, lest great disgrace
might be incurred from the fears or injuries done to the Province
by the depredations of a band of desperate men.

Chapter 31

Caius Fabius set off with the rest of the army to the Carnutes and
those other states, whose force he was informed, had served as auxiliaries
in that battle, which he fought against Dumnacus. For he had no doubt
that they would be more submissive after their recent sufferings,
but if respite and time were given them, they might be easily excited
by the earnest solicitations of the same Dumnacus. On this occasion
Fabius was extremely fortunate and expeditious in recovering the states.
For the Carnutes, who, though often harassed had never mentioned peace,
submitted and gave hostages: and the other states, which lie in the
remotest parts of Gaul, adjoining the ocean, and which are called
Armoricae, influenced by the example of the Carnutes, as soon as Fabius
arrived with his legions, without delay comply with his command. Dumnacus,
expelled from his own territories, wandering and skulking about, was
forced to seek refuge by himself in the most remote parts of Gaul.

Chapter 32

But Drapes in conjunction with Luterius, knowing that Caninius was
at hand with the legions, and that they themselves could not without
certain destruction enter the boundaries of the province, while an
army was in pursuit of them, and being no longer at liberty to roam
up and down and pillage, halt in the country of the Cadurci, as Luterius
had once in his prosperity possessed a powerful influence over the
inhabitants, who were his countrymen, and being always the author
of new projects, had considerable authority among the barbarians;
with his own and Drapes' troops he seized Uxellodunum, a town formerly
in vassalage to him, and strongly fortified by its natural situation;
and prevailed on the inhabitants to join him.

Chapter 33

After Caninius had rapidly marched to this place, and perceived that
all parts of the town were secured by very craggy rocks, which it
would be difficult for men in arms to climb even if they met with
no resistance; and moreover, observing that the town's people were
possessed of effects, to a considerable amount, and that if they attempted
to convey them away in a clandestine manner, they could not escape
our horse, or even our legions; he divided his forces into three parts,
and pitched three camps on very high ground, with the intention of
drawing lines round the town by degrees, as his forces could bear
the fatigue.

Chapter 34

When the townsmen perceived his design, being terrified by the recollection
of the distress at Alesia, they began to dread similar consequences
from a siege; and above all Luterius, who had experienced that fatal
event, cautioned them to make provisions of corn; they therefore resolve
by general consent to leave part of their troops behind, and set out
with their light troops to bring in corn. The scheme having met with
approbation, the following night Drapes and Luterius leaving two thousand
men in the garrison, marched out of the town with the rest. After
a few days' stay in the country of the Cadurci (some of whom were
disposed to assist them with corn, and others were unable to prevent
their taking it) they collected a great store. Sometimes also attacks
were made on our little forts by sallies at night. For this reason
Caninius deferred drawing his works round the whole town, lest he
should be unable to protect them when completed, or by disposing his
garrisons in several places, should make them too weak.

Chapter 35

Drapes and Luterius, having laid in a large supply of corn, occupying
a position at about ten miles distance from the town, intending from
it to convey the corn into the town by degrees. They chose each his
respective department. Drapes stayed behind in the camp with part
of the army to protect it; Luterius conveys the train with provisions
into the town. Accordingly, having disposed guards here and there
along the road, about the tenth hour of the night, he set out by narrow
paths through the woods, to fetch the corn into the town. But their
noise being heard by the sentinels of our camp, and the scouts which
we had sent out, having brought an account of what was going on, Caninius
instantly with the ready-armed cohorts from the nearest turrets made
an attack on the convoy at the break of day. They, alarmed at so unexpected
an evil, fled by different ways to their guard: which as soon as our
men perceived, they fell with great fury on the escort, and did not
allow a single man to be taken alive. Luterius escaped thence with
a few followers, but did not return to the camp.

Chapter 36

After this success, Caninius learned from some prisoners, that a part
of the forces was encamped with Drapes, not more than ten miles off:
which being confirmed by several, supposing that after the defeat
of one general, the rest would be terrified, and might be easily conquered,
he thought it a most fortunate event that none of the enemy had fled
back from the slaughter to the camp, to give Drapes notice of the
calamity which had befallen him. And as he could see no danger in
making the attempt, he sent forward all his cavalry and the German
foot, men of great activity, to the enemy's camp. He divides one legion
among the three camps, and takes the other without baggage along with
him. When he had advanced near the enemy, he was informed by scouts,
which he had sent before him, that the enemy's camp, as is the custom
of barbarians, was pitched low, near the banks of a river, and that
the higher grounds were unoccupied: but that the German horse had
made a sudden attack on them, and had begun the battle. Upon this
intelligence, he marched up with his legion, armed and in order of
battle. Then, on a signal being suddenly given on every side, our
men took possession of the higher grounds. Upon this the German horse
observing the Roman colors, fought with great vigor. Immediately all
the cohorts attack them on every side; and having either killed or
made prisoners of them all, gained great booty. In that battle, Drapes
himself was taken prisoner.

Chapter 37

Caninius, having accomplished the business so successfully, without
having scarcely a man wounded, returned to besiege the town; and,
having destroyed the enemy without, for fear of whom he had been prevented
from strengthening his redoubts, and surrounding the enemy with his
lines, he orders the work to be completed on every side. The next
day, Caius Fabius came to join him with his forces, and took upon
him the siege of one side.

Chapter 38

In the mean time, Caesar left Caius Antonius in the country of the
Bellovaci, with fifteen cohorts, that the Belgae might have no opportunity
of forming new plans in future. He himself visits the other states,
demands a great number of hostages, and by his encouraging language
allays the apprehensions of all. When he came to the Carnutes, in
whose state he has in a former commentary mentioned that the war first
broke out; observing, that from a consciousness of their guilt, they
seemed to be in the greatest terror: to relieve the state the sooner
from its fear, he demanded that Guturvatus, the promoter of that treason,
and the instigator of that rebellion, should be delivered up to punishment.
And though the latter did not dare to trust his life even to his own
countrymen, yet such diligent search was made by them all, that he
was soon brought to our camp. Caesar was forced to punish him, by
the clamors of the soldiers, contrary to his natural humanity, for
they alleged that all the dangers and losses incurred in that war,
ought to be imputed to Guturvatus. Accordingly, he was whipped to
death, and his head cut off.

Chapter 39

Here Caesar was informed by numerous letters from Caninius of what
had happened to Drapes and Luterius, and in what conduct the town's
people persisted: and though he despised the smallness of their numbers,
yet he thought their obstinacy deserving a severe punishment, lest
Gaul in general should adopt an idea that she did not want strength
but perseverance to oppose the Romans; and lest the other states,
relying on the advantage of situation, should follow their example
and assert their liberty; especially as he knew that all the Gauls
understood that his command was to continue but one summer longer,
and if they could hold out for that time, that they would have no
further danger to apprehend. He therefore left Quintus Calenus, one
of his lieutenants, behind him, with two legions, and instructions
to follow him by regular marches. He hastened as much as he could
with all the cavalry to Caninius.

Chapter 40

Having arrived at Uxellodunum, contrary to the general expectation,
and perceiving that the town was surrounded by the works, and that
the enemy had no possible means of retiring from the assault, and
being likewise informed by the deserters that the townsmen had abundance
of corn, he endeavoured to prevent their getting water. A river divided
the valley below, which almost surrounded the steep craggy mountain
on which Uxellodunum was built. The nature of the ground prevented
his turning the current: for it ran so low down at the foot of the
mountain, that no drains could be sunk deep enough to draw it off
in any direction. But the descent to it was so difficult, that if
we made opposition, the besieged could neither come to the river nor
retire up the precipice without hazard of their lives. Caesar perceiving
the difficulty, disposed archers and slingers, and in some places,
opposite to the easiest descents, placed engines, and attempted to
hinder the townsmen from getting water at the river, which obliged
them afterward to go all to one place to procure water.

Chapter 41

Close under the walls of the town, a copious spring gushed out on
that part, which for the space of nearly three hundred feet, was not
surrounded by the river. While every other person wished that the
besieged could be debarred from this spring, Caesar alone saw that
it could be effected, though not without great danger. Opposite to
it he began to advance the vineae toward the mountain, and to throw
up a mound, with great labor and continual skirmishing. For the townsmen
ran down from the high ground, and fought without any risk, and wounded
several of our men, yet they obstinately pushed on and were not deterred
from moving forward the vineae, and from surmounting by their assiduity
the difficulties of situation. At the same time they work mines, and
move the crates and vineae to the source of the fountain. This was
the only work which they could do without danger or suspicion. A mound
sixty feet high was raised; on it was erected a turret of ten stories,
not with the intention that it should be on a level with the wall
(for that could not be effected by any works), but to rise above the
top of the spring. When our engines began to play from it upon the
paths that led to the fountain, and the townsmen could not go for
water without danger, not only the cattle designed for food and the
working cattle, but a great number of men also died of thirst.

Chapter 42

Alarmed at this calamity, the townsmen fill barrels with tallow, pitch,
and dried wood: these they set on fire, and roll down on our works.
At the same time, they fight most furiously, to deter the Romans,
by the engagement and danger, from extinguishing the flames. Instantly
a great blaze arose in the works. For whatever they threw down the
precipice, striking against the vineae and agger, communicated the
fire to whatever was in the way. Our soldiers on the other hand, though
they were engaged in a perilous sort of encounter, and laboring under
the disadvantages of position, yet supported all with very great presence
of mind. For the action happened in an elevated situation, and in
sight of our army; and a great shout was raised on both sides; therefore
every man faced the weapons of the enemy and the flames in as conspicuous
a manner as he could, that his valor might be the better known and
attested.

Chapter 43

Caesar, observing that several of his men were wounded, ordered the
cohorts to ascend the mountain on all sides, and, under pretense of
assailing the walls, to raise a shout: at which the besieged being
frightened, and not knowing what was going on in other places, call
off their armed troops from attacking our works, and dispose them
on the walls. Thus our men without hazarding a battle, gained time
partly to extinguish the works which had caught fire, and partly to
cut off the communication. As the townsmen still continued to make
an obstinate resistance, and even, after losing the greatest part
of their forces by drought, persevered in their resolution: at last
the veins of the spring were cut across by our mines, and turned from
their course. By this their constant spring was suddenly dried up,
which reduced them to such despair that they imagined that it was
not done by the art of man, but the will of the gods; forced, therefore,
by necessity, they at length submitted.

Chapter 44

Caesar, being convinced that his lenity was known to all men, and
being under no fears of being thought to act severely from a natural
cruelty, and perceiving that there would be no end to his troubles
if several states should attempt to rebel in like manner and in different
places, resolved to deter others by inflicting an exemplary punishment
on these. Accordingly he cut off the hands of those who had borne
arms against him. Their lives he spared, that the punishment of their
rebellion might be the more conspicuous. Drapes, who I have said was
taken by Caninius, either through indignation and grief arising from
his captivity, or through fear of severer punishments, abstained from
food for several days, and thus perished. At the same time, Luterius,
who, I have related, had escaped from the battle, having fallen into
the hands of Epasnactus, an Arvernian (for he frequently changed his
quarters, and threw himself on the honor of several persons, as he
saw that he dare not remain long in one place, and was conscious how
great an enemy he deserved to have in Caesar), was by this Epasnactus,
the Arvernian, a sincere friend of the Roman people, delivered without
any hesitation, a prisoner to Caesar.

Chapter 45

In the mean time, Labienus engages in a successful cavalry action
among the Treviri; and, having killed several of them and of the Germans,
who never refused their aid to any person against the Romans, he got
their chiefs alive into his power, and, among them, Surus, an Aeduan,
who was highly renowned both for his valor and birth, and was the
only Aeduan that had continued in arms till that time. Caesar, being
informed of this, and perceiving that he had met with good success
in all parts of Gaul, and reflecting that, in former campaigns [Celtic]
Gaul had been conquered and subdued; but that he had never gone in
person to Aquitania, but had made a conquest of it, in some degree,
by Marcus Crassus, set out for it with two legions, designing to spend
the latter part of the summer there. This affair he executed with
his usual dispatch and good fortune. For all the states of Aquitania
sent embassadors to him and delivered hostages. These affairs being
concluded, he marched with a guard of cavalry toward Narbo, and drew
off his army into winter quarters by his lieutenants. He posted four
legions in the country of the Belgae, under Marcus Antonius, Caius
Trebonius, Publius Vatinius, and Quintus Tullius, his lieutenants.
Two he detached to the Aedui, knowing them to have a very powerful
influence throughout all Gaul. Two he placed among the Turoni, near
the confines of the Carnutes, to keep in awe the entire tract of country
bordering on the ocean; the other two he placed in the territories
of the Lemovices, at a small distance from the Arverni, that no part
of Gaul might be without an army. Having spent a few days in the province,
he quickly ran through all the business of the assizes, settled all
public disputes, and distributed rewards to the most deserving; for
he had a good opportunity of learning how every person was disposed
toward the republic during the general revolt of Gaul, which he had
withstood by the fidelity and assistance of the Province.

Chapter 47

Having finished these affairs, he returned to his legions among the
Belgae and wintered at Nemetocenna: there he got intelligence that
Comius, the Atrebatian had had an engagement with his cavalry. For
when Antonius had gone into winter quarters, and the state of the
Atrebates continued in their allegiance, Comius, who, after that wound
which I before mentioned, was always ready to join his countrymen
upon every commotion, that they might not want a person to advise
and head them in the management of the war, when his state submitted
to the Romans, supported himself and his adherents on plunder by means
of his cavalry, infested the roads, and intercepted several convoys
which were bringing provisions to the Roman quarters.

Chapter 48

Caius Volusenus Quadratus was appointed commander of the horse under
Antonius, to winter with him: Antonius sent him in pursuit of the
enemy's cavalry; now Volusenus added to that valor which was pre-eminent
in him, a great aversion to Comius, on which account he executed the
more willingly the orders which he received. Having, therefore, laid
ambuscades, he had several encounters with his cavalry and came off
successful. At last, when a violent contest ensued, and Volusenus,
through eagerness to intercept Comius, had obstinately pursued him
with a small party; and Comius had, by the rapidity of his flight,
drawn Volusenus to a considerable distance from his troops, he, on
a sudden, appealed to the honor of all about him for assistance not
to suffer the wound, which he had perfidiously received, to go without
vengeance; and, wheeling his horse about, rode unguardedly before
the rest up to the commander. All his horse following his example,
made a few of our men turn their backs and pursued them. Comius, clapping
spurs to his horse, rode up to Volusenus, and, pointing his lance,
pierced him in the thigh with great force. When their commander was
wounded, our men no longer hesitated to make resistance, and, facing
about, beat back the enemy. When this occurred, several of the enemy,
repulsed by the great impetuosity of our men, were wounded, and some
were trampled to death in striving to escape, and some were made prisoners.
Their general escaped this misfortune by the swiftness of his horse.
Our commander, being severely wounded, so much so that he appeared
to run the risk of losing his life, was carried back to the camp.
But Comius, having either gratified his resentment, or, because he
had lost the greatest part of his followers, sent embassadors to Antonius,
and assured him that he would give hostages as a security that he
would go wherever Antonius should prescribe, and would comply with
his orders, and only entreated that this concession should be made
to his fears, that he should not be obliged to go into the presence
of any Roman. As Antonius judged that his request originated in a
just apprehension, he indulged him in it and accepted his hostages.Caesar,
I know, has made a separate commentary of each year's transactions,
which I have not thought it necessary for me to do, because the following
year, in which Lucius Paulus and Caius Marcellus were consuls, produced
no remarkable occurrences in Gaul. But that no person may be left
in ignorance of the place where Caesar and his army were at that time,
have thought proper to write a few words in addition to this commentary.

Chapter 49

Caesar, while in winter quarters in the country of the Belgae, made
it his only business to keep the states in amity with him, and to
give none either hopes of, or pretext for a revolt. For nothing was
further from his wishes than to be under the necessity of engaging
in another war at his departure; lest, when he was drawing his army
out of the country, any war should be left unfinished, which the Gauls
would cheerfully undertake, when there was no immediate danger. Therefore,
by treating the states with respect, making rich presents to the leading
men, imposing no new burdens, and making the terms of their subjection
lighter, he easily kept Gaul (already exhausted by so many unsuccessful
battles) in obedience.

Chapter 50

When the winter quarters were broken up he himself, contrary to his
usual practice, proceeded to Italy, by the longest possible stages,
in order to visit the free towns and colonies, that he might recommend
to them the petition of Marcus Antonius, his treasurer, for the priesthood.
For he exerted his interest both cheerfully in favor of a man strongly
attached to him, whom he had sent home before him to attend the election,
and zealously to oppose the faction and power of a few men, who, by
rejecting Marcus Antonius, wished to undermine Caesar's influence
when going out of office. Though Caesar heard on the road, before
he reached Italy that he was created augur, yet he thought himself
in honor bound to visit the free towns and colonies, to return them
thanks for rendering such service to Antonius by their presence in
such great numbers [at the election], and at the same time to recommend
to them himself, and his honor in his suit for the consulate the ensuing
year. For his adversaries arrogantly boasted that Lucius Lentulus
and Caius Marcellus had been appointed consuls, who would strip Caesar
of all honor and dignity: and that the consulate had been injuriously
taken from Sergius Galba, though he had been much superior in votes
and interest, because he was united to Caesar, both by friendship,
and by serving as lieutenant under him.

Chapter 51

Caesar, on his arrival, was received by the principal towns and colonies
with incredible respect and affection; for this was the first time
he came since the war against united Gaul. Nothing was omitted which
could be thought of for the ornament of the gates, roads, and every
place through which Caesar was to pass. All the people with their
children went out to meet him. Sacrifices were offered up in every
quarter. The market places and temples were laid out with entertainments,
as if anticipating the joy of a most splendid triumph. So great was
the magnificence of the richer and zeal of the poorer ranks of the
people.

Chapter 52

When Caesar had gone through all the states of Cisalpine Gaul, he
returned with the greatest haste to the army at Nemetocenna; and having
ordered all his legions to march from winter quarters to the territories
of the Treviri, he went thither and reviewed them. He made Titus Labienus
governor of Cisalpine Gaul, that he might be the more inclined to
support him in his suit for the consulate. He himself made such journeys
as he thought would conduce to the health of his men by change of
air; and though he was frequently told that Labienus was solicited
by his enemies, and was assured that a scheme was in agitation by
the contrivance of a few, that the senate should interpose their authority
to deprive him of a part of his army; yet he neither gave credit to
any story concerning Labienus, nor could be prevailed upon to do any
thing in opposition to the authority of the senate; for he thought
that his cause would be easily gained by the free voice of the senators.
For Caius Curio, one of the tribunes of the people, having undertaken
to defend Caesar's cause and dignity, had often proposed to the senate,
"that if the dread of Caesar's arms rendered any apprehensive, as
Pompey's authority and arms were no less formidable to the forum,
both should resign their command, and disband their armies. That then
the city would be free, and enjoy its due rights." And he not only
proposed this, but of himself called upon the senate to divide on
the question. But the consuls and Pompey's friends interposed to prevent
it; and regulating matters as they desired, they broke up the meeting.

Chapter 53

This testimony of the unanimous voice of the senate was very great,
and consistent with their former conduct; for the preceding year,
when Marcellus attacked Caesar's dignity, he proposed to the senate,
contrary to the law of Pompey and Crassus, to dispose of Caesar's
province, before the expiration of his command, and when the votes
were called for, and Marcellus, who endeavored to advance his own
dignity, by raising envy against Caesar, wanted a division, the full
senate went over to the opposite side. The spirit of Caesar's foes
was not broken by this, but it taught them, that they ought to strengthen
their interest by enlarging their connections, so as to force the
senate to comply with whatever they had resolved on.

Chapter 54

After this a decree was passed by the senate, that one legion should
be sent by Pompey, and another by Caesar, to the Parthian war. But
these two legions were evidently drawn from Caesar alone. For the
first legion which Pompey sent to Caesar, he gave Caesar, as if it
belonged to himself, though it was levied in Caesar's province. Caesar,
however, though no one could doubt the design of his enemies, sent
the legion back to Cneius Pompey, and in compliance with the decree
of the senate, ordered the fifteenth, belonging to himself, and which
was quartered in Cisalpine Gaul, to be delivered up. In its room he
sent the thirteenth into Italy, to protect the garrisons from which
he had drafted the fifteenth. He disposed his army in winter quarters,
placed Caius Trebonius, with four legions among the Belgae, and detached
Caius Fabius, with four more, to the Aedui; for he thought that Gaul
would be most secure, if the Belgae, a people of the greatest valor,
and the Aedui, who possessed the most powerful influence, were kept
in awe by his armies.

Chapter 55

He himself set out for Italy; where he was informed on his arrival,
that the two legions sent home by him, and which by the senate's decree,
should have been sent to the Parthian war, had been delivered over
to Pompey, by Caius Marcellus the consul, and were retained in Italy.
Although from this transaction it was evident to every one that war
was designed against Caesar, yet he resolved to submit to any thing,
as long as there were hopes left of deciding the dispute in an equitable
manner, rather than to have recourse to arms.

THE END
