Subject: key dates and impact of upcoming sap implementation
over the next few weeks , project apollo and beyond will conduct its final sap
implementation  ) this implementation will impact approximately 12 , 000 new
users plus all existing system users . sap brings a new dynamic to enron ,
enhancing the timely flow and sharing of specific project , human resources ,
procurement , and financial information across business units and across
continents .
this final implementation will retire multiple , disparate systems and replace
them with a common , integrated system encompassing many processes including
payroll , timekeeping , benefits , project management , and numerous financial
processes .
employees will be empowered to update and / or view their personal information
via the intranet - based ehronline - - a single front - end to sap ' s self service
functionality and enron ' s global information system ( gis ) . among other
things , individuals will be able to update personal information ( including
w - 4 , addresses and personal banking information ) , manage their individual
time using a new time entry tool , view their benefit elections , and view
their personal payroll information on - line .
all enron employees paid out of corporate payroll in houston , excluding
azurix employees
the financial communities of enron energy services , enron investment
partners , enron north america , enron renewable energy corporation , gas
pipeline group , global finance , global it , enron networks , and global
products .
the project management communities of enron north america , gas pipeline
group , global finance , global it , enron networks , and global products .
the human resources communities of corporate , global e & p , enron energy
services , enron engineering and construction company , enron investment
partners , enron north america , enron renewable energy corporation ( houston
only ) , the international regions , gas pipeline group , global finance , global
it , enron networks , and global products .
existing sap users currently supported by the center of expertise ( coe )  )
including the london coe .
people will be impacted gradually over the next few weeks :
june 12 - current sap users may notice ( and may use ) new features in some of
the sap modules - - this new functionality was developed to meet requirements
of business units implementing sap as part of this final implementation .
june 22 - timekeeping functionality will be available for all employees paid
out of corporate payroll in houston ( excluding azurix employees ) .
- new sap coding must be used on timesheets .
- system ids will be available for all new users .
june 30 - deadline ! all time for the period beginning june 16 th and ending
june 30 th must be entered into sap by 3 : 00 cst .
- new sap coding must be used for all expenses and invoices .
july 5 - all remaining functionality ( project management , financials , and
human resources ) are available to new end - users .
for more information . . .
visit us at an information booth in the enron building lobby on wednesday ,
june 7 th and thursday , june 8 th ( 10 a . m . till 2 p . m . each day . )
visit our intranet site at http : \ \ sap . enron . com for job aids and other useful
information .
contact the site manager coordinating the implementation within your business
unit or global function - - specific site manager contact information can be
found on the intranet at http : \ \ sap . enron . com .
contact the center of expertise ( coe ) for sap implementation and production
support questions via telephone at ( 713 ) 345 - 4 sap or via e - mail at
sap . coe @ enron . com .