Subject: re : brazil commercial - * * update version , delete previous * *
louise , sorry , i just received your note .
the extent of any discussion was dave thanking me over the phone for the inputs and recognizing that he and john incorporated some of the content . we ' ve never had what i had been expecting , or at least presumed appropriate i . e . , prior to any formal decision for the region , entertaining an in - person detailed discussion of the examples and recommendations - including a welcome cross examination of my observations that might conflict with official report or view .
john and dave asked me to talk with brett , kish and gonzalez , but if you look at my recommendations and also consider the overall performance in the region does this make the best sense ? i ' ve done this again and , in fact , had already introduced my ideas to each of them and the previous system prior to forwarding them to houston .
prior to having to leave enron , i wanted to make a best effort to get the authority to execute the recommendations i ' ve pretty consistently introduced since joining in late 1998 and tried to get enron to implement under the previous management . i have not had the opportunity to manage or influence the company ' s operations in south america - this is my fault for not negotiating a more senior position , but i made the attempt in the region and more recently with the new managers to demonstrate a need to open constructive , critical discussion .
anyway , i ' ve tried to open the door to john , dave and you and others who are interested to brainstorm inlcuding the leadership in place in esa to understand and perhaps leverage my applied experience - both trading , origination and , importantly , cultural . my resume below should attest to my capabilities - at least in terms of the potential value of my observations .
thank you for your efforts extended in my behalf and good luck in your new position and working within enron ' s unique , dynamic ethic .
d ' arcy
louise kitchen @ ect
02 / 09 / 2001 01 : 46 pm
to : d ' arcy carroll / sa / enron @ enron
cc :
subject : re : brazil commercial - * * update version , delete previous * *
i have spoken to john lavorato on this and he says that dave and john have already spoken to you on this . do we still need to meet as i have no different opinion to them at this time .
louise
d ' arcy carroll @ enron
02 / 09 / 2001 11 : 13 am
to : louise kitchen @ ect
cc :
subject : brazil commercial - * * update version , delete previous * *
louise ,
this is a lot of text including the attatched files , but is the summary gist of what i have tried to communicate internally and am asking to discuss with you this morning .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by d ' arcy carroll / sa / enron on 02 / 09 / 2001 02 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
d ' arcy carroll
11 / 09 / 2000 06 : 20 pm
to : david w delainey @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron
cc : kay chapman @ ect
subject : brazil commercial - * * update version , delete previous * *
david / john - understand the trip will be delayed .
proposal outline has two texts - i . commercial strategy and ii . historical perspective . the org charts will need some discussion - particularly in regard to the strengths and weakness of employed personnel and urgent need for an improved structure .
over the fh 2000 and within the new structure with brett and joao carlos albuquerque in place , the wholesale group and trading desk seems to have made some important strides forward in terms of recruiting some good individuals and , in trading terms , finally executing some fundamental market supply , demand and transmission analysis .
to get into the game quickly and aggressively , though , i think the commercial group needs to hire some senior , local trading expertise . i apoligize , but was unable to get in contact with either of these two guys to set up a possible meeting this week . however , they have the local knowledge , trading competencies and management experience which i consider needed to catalyze the regional effort :
axel hinsch - argentine and cargill employee with several years and broad commodity and financial trading , business development and management experience , including senior trader for the bear stearns emerging markets equity desks in the late 1980 s / early 1990 s . straight up , no ego
argentine country manager .
mark hoffman - swiss / brazilian and glencore employee with several years energy , energy distribution and sugar sector experience ; applied commodity and financial arbitrage experience in the brazilian market . lot less straight forward , but applied knowledge and expertise .
senior originator / trader .
please forward any input about your interest in scheduling a meeting either open here or in houston during the week of nov 20 .
for some perspective on my experience at enron , let me explaing that i have been working in enron networks in the region from q 2 ' 00 and therefore much less formally invovled with the trading ( brazil spot market ) and wholesale pricing , tarrif issues etc . , . . than at the end of fyl 999 when i was directly involved in developing our effort to get in the game in understanding the spot price formula calculations and exploring arbitrage opportunities in the wholesale market .
i ' ve attached my resume for some perspective on my background and capability to critically review the commercial ( trading and marketing ) and managerial issues involving the past and future opportunities .
