Subject: human resources organization
as enron continues to address the human capital needs of the organization ,
there are several changes in enron  , s human resources ( hr ) organization i  , d
like to share with you :
in corporate human resources :
brian schaffer will lead the office of labor and employment relations
function , including resource management , corporate training activities , and
workforce development .
mary joyce will continue to have responsibility for executive compensation
and our global equity plans .
cynthia barrow , in addition to benefits , will be responsible for the
development of work life programs across enron .
brad coleman will be responsible for analysis and reporting , in addition to
the re - engineering of the hr service center .
gerry gibson will work closely with me to provide organizational development
& training expertise for hr  , s continuing evolution .
andrea yowman will be responsible for several projects which are critical to
hr  , s on - going success including the sap implementation , global information
system ( gis ) database , and total compensation system development . in
addition , she will have responsibility for the human resource information
system ( hris ) .
the hr generalist functions for corporate will be handled by the following :
gwen petteway , public relations , government affairs , legal , investor
relations , corporate development , epsc , aviation , enron federal credit union
and the analyst and associate program
kim rizzi , accounting and human resources
sheila walton , rac , finance and enron development corp , in addition to her
responsibilities in ena
at the business unit level , we  , ve established two geographic hubs for our
wholesale business units :
drew lynch will be in london with the hr responsibility for the eastern
hemisphere including london , apachi and india . drew  , s senior leadership team
will include : nigel sellens , ranen sengupta and scott gilchrist .
david oxley will be located in houston with hr responsibility for the western
hemisphere including north america , calme and south america . david  , s senior
leadership team will include : miguel padron , janie bonnard , sheila knudsen
and cindy skinner .
we believe these hubs can result in a more effective hr organization and also
facilitate the movement of talent where needed in those regions .
the following are the hr leaders responsible for the remaining business
units :
dave schafer gpg
gary smith wind
robert jones net works
marla barnard ebs
ray bennett ees / efs
willie williams ee & cc / nepco
gerry chatham egep
please click on the following link to view the hr organization chart .
