Subject: brazil commercial - * * update version , delete previous * *
louise ,
this is a lot of text including the attatched files , but is the summary gist of what i have tried to communicate internally and am asking to discuss with you this morning .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by d ' arcy carroll / sa / enron on 02 / 09 / 2001 02 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
d ' arcy carroll
11 / 09 / 2000 06 : 20 pm
to : david w delainey @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron
cc : kay chapman @ ect
subject : brazil commercial - * * update version , delete previous * *
david / john - understand the trip will be delayed .
proposal outline has two texts - i . commercial strategy and ii . historical perspective . the org charts will need some discussion - particularly in regard to the strengths and weakness of employed personnel and urgent need for an improved structure .
over the fh 2000 and within the new structure with brett and joao carlos albuquerque in place , the wholesale group and trading desk seems to have made some important strides forward in terms of recruiting some good individuals and , in trading terms , finally executing some fundamental market supply , demand and transmission analysis .
to get into the game quickly and aggressively , though , i think the commercial group needs to hire some senior , local trading expertise . i apoligize , but was unable to get in contact with either of these two guys to set up a possible meeting this week . however , they have the local knowledge , trading competencies and management experience which i consider needed to catalyze the regional effort :
axel hinsch - argentine and cargill employee with several years and broad commodity and financial trading , business development and management experience , including senior trader for the bear stearns emerging markets equity desks in the late 1980 s / early 1990 s . straight up , no ego
argentine country manager .
mark hoffman - swiss / brazilian and glencore employee with several years energy , energy distribution and sugar sector experience ; applied commodity and financial arbitrage experience in the brazilian market . lot less straight forward , but applied knowledge and expertise .
senior originator / trader .
please forward any input about your interest in scheduling a meeting either open here or in houston during the week of nov 20 .
for some perspective on my experience at enron , let me explaing that i have been working in enron networks in the region from q 2 ' 00 and therefore much less formally invovled with the trading ( brazil spot market ) and wholesale pricing , tarrif issues etc . , . . than at the end of fyl 999 when i was directly involved in developing our effort to get in the game in understanding the spot price formula calculations and exploring arbitrage opportunities in the wholesale market .
i ' ve attached my resume for some perspective on my background and capability to critically review the commercial ( trading and marketing ) and managerial issues involving the past and future opportunities .