Subject: leadership development progress
thank you again for participating in the leadership development vendor
selection process in december .
based on the decisions we made at the meeting , we are ready to conduct a
pilot february 8 - 10 of six modules from wilson learning corporation .
the purpose of the pilot is to evaluate wilson learning materials and
facilitators and present a portion of the leadership curriculum . we will
also pilot the communications module for non - supervisory employees .
we ask that you invite 1 - 2 managers from your group to participate and
evaluate the modules . participants should plan to complete a minimum of two
modules . in addition , you are invited to participate in as many as you
would like . we are also opening this pilot to managers throughout ena to
ensure
that the material adapts well we are currently completing the curriculum
design
and plan to have information available in february .
as you may remember these are the decisions we reached at the meeting in
december :
* use southwest performance group ( swp ) and wilson learning products as our
primary vendor and achieve global as a secondary .
* create an enron faculty of outside facilitators that meet our specified
requirements .
* ensure that the skills in our curriculum are matched to different levels
of manager .
* ensure that we incorporate data available from consultants currently
working with energy
operations
* incorporate current enron course offerings into ena curriculum
attached for your review are :
* facilitator profile
* curriculum table - mapping skills to courses
descriptions of each module are also attached for your review
the following are half - day sessions . supervisors may sign up for any or all
depending on their need . it would be helpful if supervisors attend a minimum
of two modules . we need to have a minimum of 9 participants for the course
to be effective . as an added bonus , i will cover the cost of attending the
pilot . ( as you may remember , cost for attending programs in 2000 will be
charged back to the business unit )
date module time target audience
feb . 8 meeting leadership challenges 8 - 12 am supervisors with less
than 6 months experience
working styles 1 - 5 pm any supervisor
feb . 9 coaching to performance 8 - 12 am any supervisor
motivating for results 1 - 5 pm any supervisor
feb . 10 communicating effectively 8 - 12 am any employee
delegating and directing 1 - 5 pm any supervisor
other details :
* sessions will be held in room 560 .
* participants should plan to attend a minimum of two sessions .
* please call gracie presas to register by february 1 .
* descriptions of each module are provided in the attachment .
if you have further questions concerning this pilot , please contact me at
3 - 7394 . again , thank you for all your work in this importanct effort !